0	Sean Zhou	3	So as we think about the number last year around $300 million, as we look forward beyond this year and kind of ignore the carryover impacts, is that realistically kind of the real floor for how low CapEx would go?
0	Zhengxing Cheng	3	So as we think about the number last year around $300 million, as we look forward beyond this year and kind of ignore the carryover impacts, is that realistically kind of the real floor for how low CapEx would go?
1	Sean Zhou	2	Can you talk about how that has changed maybe or evolved over the last few months, if at all?
1	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Can you talk about how that has changed maybe or evolved over the last few months, if at all?
2	Sean Zhou	3	So, can you talk a little bit about that and how sustainable that is?
2	Zhengxing Cheng	2	So, can you talk a little bit about that and how sustainable that is?
3	Sean Zhou	2	Your comment that you are just going to see higher AMI shipments, can you just tell us what you're seeing in the markets generally and in terms of tenders?
3	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Your comment that you are just going to see higher AMI shipments, can you just tell us what you're seeing in the markets generally and in terms of tenders?
4	Sean Zhou	4	So how do you think about the positives and the negatives of already offering such a big Mexican platform and how did perhaps the Fresh Mex perform in tests?
4	Zhengxing Cheng	4	So how do you think about the positives and the negatives of already offering such a big Mexican platform and how did perhaps the Fresh Mex perform in tests?
5	Sean Zhou	2	And can you just give a quick reminder of what your cash flow is extremely strong, you have a great free cash flow yield, what is your sort of position on NOLs and what is your effective cash tax rate now?
5	Zhengxing Cheng	2	And can you just give a quick reminder of what your cash flow is extremely strong, you have a great free cash flow yield, what is your sort of position on NOLs and what is your effective cash tax rate now?
6	Sean Zhou	3	Does the slower outgrowth outlook mean that you've got to get more acquisitive to fulfill that objective?
6	Zhengxing Cheng	1	Does the slower outgrowth outlook mean that you've got to get more acquisitive to fulfill that objective?
7	Sean Zhou	3	Do you have start-up costs or learning curves, if you will, associated with bringing these plants online whether it be China, Europe, Korea over the next couple of quarters?
7	Zhengxing Cheng	1	Do you have start-up costs or learning curves, if you will, associated with bringing these plants online whether it be China, Europe, Korea over the next couple of quarters?
8	Sean Zhou	1	Is it having any impact on the soybean crop at all?
8	Zhengxing Cheng	1	Is it having any impact on the soybean crop at all?
9	Sean Zhou	4	On Guitar Hero Live, in terms of sales expectations, is there any perspective you could provide for how we should think about this title?
9	Zhengxing Cheng	4	On Guitar Hero Live, in terms of sales expectations, is there any perspective you could provide for how we should think about this title?
10	Sean Zhou	2	The pause in reserve power, can you elaborate a little bit more on that?
10	Zhengxing Cheng	2	The pause in reserve power, can you elaborate a little bit more on that?
11	Sean Zhou	1	Is that based on the borrowing base calculation?
11	Zhengxing Cheng	1	Is that based on the borrowing base calculation?
12	Sean Zhou	4	And I understand visibility is probably a bit limited into March, but it seems like most industry folks have talked about March maybe being a little bit of a tougher comp given the fare increased activity that started to take hold last year, so how should we be thinking about the March comp for JetBlue?
12	Zhengxing Cheng	3	And I understand visibility is probably a bit limited into March, but it seems like most industry folks have talked about March maybe being a little bit of a tougher comp given the fare increased activity that started to take hold last year, so how should we be thinking about the March comp for JetBlue?
13	Sean Zhou	3	Was there anything that particularly affected your business or what the outlook is for the fourth quarter?
13	Zhengxing Cheng	4	Was there anything that particularly affected your business or what the outlook is for the fourth quarter?
14	Sean Zhou	2	Could you restate the second part of your question then?
14	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Could you restate the second part of your question then?
15	Sean Zhou	4	Is that -- where is your sense of that kind of stabilizing? And is that the manifestation of kind of industry trends? How should we think of it?
15	Zhengxing Cheng	4	Is that -- where is your sense of that kind of stabilizing? And is that the manifestation of kind of industry trends? How should we think of it?
16	Sean Zhou	4	How do you think about that now? How you think about 2013?
16	Zhengxing Cheng	4	How do you think about that now? How you think about 2013?
17	Sean Zhou	3	How do you balance your new lower cost structure with taking share and the ability to take share from two-thirds of the market domestically and putting more pressure on pricing?
17	Zhengxing Cheng	3	How do you balance your new lower cost structure with taking share and the ability to take share from two-thirds of the market domestically and putting more pressure on pricing?
18	Sean Zhou	2	What keeps you in Washington and New Mexico instead of shopping those systems around?
18	Zhengxing Cheng	2	What keeps you in Washington and New Mexico instead of shopping those systems around?
19	Sean Zhou	3	Do you believe that a significant success factor moving forward in this new med tech environment is the ability to have size or scale in diversification across various businesses?
19	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Do you believe that a significant success factor moving forward in this new med tech environment is the ability to have size or scale in diversification across various businesses?
20	Sean Zhou	1	do you provide how many uncompleted wells that were at year-end '12 versus year-end '11?
20	Zhengxing Cheng	1	do you provide how many uncompleted wells that were at year-end '12 versus year-end '11?
21	Sean Zhou	2	Yet another follow-up on repowering, can you provide a little additional color on how you selected those specific 327 megawatts out of the portfolio?
21	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Yet another follow-up on repowering, can you provide a little additional color on how you selected those specific 327 megawatts out of the portfolio?
22	Sean Zhou	2	On LiveTV, can you just talk to the way that the services -- how are you going to pay for the service in the future? Is it on an aircraft basis?
22	Zhengxing Cheng	3	On LiveTV, can you just talk to the way that the services -- how are you going to pay for the service in the future? Is it on an aircraft basis?
23	Sean Zhou	1	How many years are we talking here?
23	Zhengxing Cheng	1	How many years are we talking here?
24	Sean Zhou	4	Just can you give us a little bit more granularity on the difference between the economics going the OTT route versus, what was historically more of a direct distribution model?
24	Zhengxing Cheng	3	Just can you give us a little bit more granularity on the difference between the economics going the OTT route versus, what was historically more of a direct distribution model?
25	Sean Zhou	3	Can you maybe talk a little bit about what you're seeing in terms of customer adoption of Fusion? What are you seeing in terms of uptake, at least within the installed base, upgrades, number of go-lives?
25	Zhengxing Cheng	4	Can you maybe talk a little bit about what you're seeing in terms of customer adoption of Fusion? What are you seeing in terms of uptake, at least within the installed base, upgrades, number of go-lives?
26	Sean Zhou	3	I think you said that they're -- some of them are on annual contracts and do you guys have any impression of where those prices or those costs will end up for 2016, or I assume you;re seeking some relief, but do you think you're going to get it?
26	Zhengxing Cheng	3	I think you said that they're -- some of them are on annual contracts and do you guys have any impression of where those prices or those costs will end up for 2016, or I assume you;re seeking some relief, but do you think you're going to get it?
27	Sean Zhou	4	You have built one of the most profitable companies in technology as measured by operating margins and I guess I just wanted to ask, how we should think about the puts and takes you see as related to Oracle's non-GAAP operating margin expansion as you look out over the next two to three years?
27	Zhengxing Cheng	3	You have built one of the most profitable companies in technology as measured by operating margins and I guess I just wanted to ask, how we should think about the puts and takes you see as related to Oracle's non-GAAP operating margin expansion as you look out over the next two to three years?
28	Sean Zhou	1	Was that a $9 million retroactive tax gain, did I hear?
28	Zhengxing Cheng	1	Was that a $9 million retroactive tax gain, did I hear?
29	Sean Zhou	3	So can you give us some help in sizing those businesses, so we can make a judgment on how important MDI is, as you look forward, and that the penalty from the turnaround in PO/MTBE would be for 2015?
29	Zhengxing Cheng	2	So can you give us some help in sizing those businesses, so we can make a judgment on how important MDI is, as you look forward, and that the penalty from the turnaround in PO/MTBE would be for 2015?
30	Sean Zhou	2	Why don't you add a little bit of color here?
30	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Why don't you add a little bit of color here?
31	Sean Zhou	2	Can we get an update on how the costs are doing at Leeville?
31	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Can we get an update on how the costs are doing at Leeville?
32	Sean Zhou	3	And are you seeing other opportunities in vertical markets then, or do you think you would by virtue of developing these VAR relationships?
32	Zhengxing Cheng	3	And are you seeing other opportunities in vertical markets then, or do you think you would by virtue of developing these VAR relationships?
33	Sean Zhou	2	Are you guys seeing much evidence of that?
33	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Are you guys seeing much evidence of that?
34	Sean Zhou	2	And then on the labor comment, is it across stores that you're having trouble filling seats, I mean, do you have empty positions you're looking to fill?
34	Zhengxing Cheng	3	And then on the labor comment, is it across stores that you're having trouble filling seats, I mean, do you have empty positions you're looking to fill?
35	Sean Zhou	2	Am I thinking about that right from the good will impairment you recorded?
35	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Am I thinking about that right from the good will impairment you recorded?
36	Sean Zhou	3	Would you expect that to go up?
36	Zhengxing Cheng	3	Would you expect that to go up?
37	Sean Zhou	3	Do you find the second hand purchase opportunities, especially for the slightly older tonnage that maybe in the higher marginal cost carriers, does that become more attractive going forward?
37	Zhengxing Cheng	3	Do you find the second hand purchase opportunities, especially for the slightly older tonnage that maybe in the higher marginal cost carriers, does that become more attractive going forward?
38	Sean Zhou	4	Has -- where would you like to see your leverage be as we get into later parts of the cycle and do you see the opportunity to lower your absolute debt levels from here?
38	Zhengxing Cheng	4	Has -- where would you like to see your leverage be as we get into later parts of the cycle and do you see the opportunity to lower your absolute debt levels from here?
39	Sean Zhou	3	And in terms of your digital operations, would you expect that this business would be similar to television in that?
39	Zhengxing Cheng	3	And in terms of your digital operations, would you expect that this business would be similar to television in that?
40	Sean Zhou	2	Is there some level of motorcycle financing where you guys get uncomfortable with bearing sort of most of those loans or where it starts to constrain sales or is there sort of no bound on that?
40	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Is there some level of motorcycle financing where you guys get uncomfortable with bearing sort of most of those loans or where it starts to constrain sales or is there sort of no bound on that?
41	Sean Zhou	2	Could you just give us a breakdown of how much of your business volume, I guess, really is in residential versus nonresidential versus industrial versus municipal?
41	Zhengxing Cheng	3	Could you just give us a breakdown of how much of your business volume, I guess, really is in residential versus nonresidential versus industrial versus municipal?
42	Sean Zhou	4	What are you seeing out there in terms of valuations, and with your stock down this much sort of where does the focus on capital allocation look to you to be directed?
42	Zhengxing Cheng	2	What are you seeing out there in terms of valuations, and with your stock down this much sort of where does the focus on capital allocation look to you to be directed?
43	Sean Zhou	3	Do you think you can still reach those targets either on the gross margin and on the SG&A by the time you reach the fourth quarter?
43	Zhengxing Cheng	3	Do you think you can still reach those targets either on the gross margin and on the SG&A by the time you reach the fourth quarter?
44	Sean Zhou	3	And with the acquisition of Hillcrest, the investments in FM translators, I was wondering, is that view changed for this year? And maybe are we shifting more of the debt pare-down toward -- more heavily influenced in 2017?
44	Zhengxing Cheng	3	And with the acquisition of Hillcrest, the investments in FM translators, I was wondering, is that view changed for this year? And maybe are we shifting more of the debt pare-down toward -- more heavily influenced in 2017?
45	Sean Zhou	1	Is that still a good number to model?
45	Zhengxing Cheng	1	Is that still a good number to model?
46	Sean Zhou	3	And then finally, now that you're anniversarying Door-Stop in the UK, at level exchange rates, what sort of growth expectations would you have for that overall market?
46	Zhengxing Cheng	4	And then finally, now that you're anniversarying Door-Stop in the UK, at level exchange rates, what sort of growth expectations would you have for that overall market?
47	Sean Zhou	2	You guys, are you guys downshifting the operated Eagle Ford or is that just really the non-op that's allowing you to put a little bit more capital toward the Permian and the Bakken?
47	Zhengxing Cheng	2	You guys, are you guys downshifting the operated Eagle Ford or is that just really the non-op that's allowing you to put a little bit more capital toward the Permian and the Bakken?
48	Sean Zhou	1	But in the past, where there have been instances of these sorts of taxes, what has been the prior volume dropoff?
48	Zhengxing Cheng	2	But in the past, where there have been instances of these sorts of taxes, what has been the prior volume dropoff?
49	Sean Zhou	3	When do you think the destocking will end? And do you think we'll see normalized demand at any point during the back half of the year?
49	Zhengxing Cheng	3	When do you think the destocking will end? And do you think we'll see normalized demand at any point during the back half of the year?
50	Sean Zhou	2	What are you seeing as far as scrap collection behavior at these sorts of price levels particularly after this last October drop?
50	Zhengxing Cheng	2	What are you seeing as far as scrap collection behavior at these sorts of price levels particularly after this last October drop?
51	Sean Zhou	2	Have you seen any changes year-to-date?
51	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Have you seen any changes year-to-date?
52	Sean Zhou	3	So, what is that longer opportunity for Cuno in the portfolio, when you've hinted in the past you might be interested in doing some water investments and how do you see that opportunity?
52	Zhengxing Cheng	3	So, what is that longer opportunity for Cuno in the portfolio, when you've hinted in the past you might be interested in doing some water investments and how do you see that opportunity?
53	Sean Zhou	4	Can you speak to the variability of the cost structure, how much you could take out if you had to adjust because the markets turned against us in ways we don't expect?
53	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Can you speak to the variability of the cost structure, how much you could take out if you had to adjust because the markets turned against us in ways we don't expect?
54	Sean Zhou	2	Can you kind of flush out, number one, what's your seeing in terms of meter demand and meter placements?
54	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Can you kind of flush out, number one, what's your seeing in terms of meter demand and meter placements?
55	Sean Zhou	2	What about the other side, the negative side?
55	Zhengxing Cheng	2	What about the other side, the negative side?
56	Sean Zhou	2	So is there a contract of size that, that you've lost or something like that because of M&A, could you provide some color there?
56	Zhengxing Cheng	2	So is there a contract of size that, that you've lost or something like that because of M&A, could you provide some color there?
57	Sean Zhou	3	Do you see volumes and, in the near term, is it positive that you guys see a sequential uptick form third quarter to fourth quarter, do you imagine that will be the same sort of trend sort of going into your fourth quarter to first quarter or do you see a sequential sort of downtick going to more seasonality?
57	Zhengxing Cheng	3	Do you see volumes and, in the near term, is it positive that you guys see a sequential uptick form third quarter to fourth quarter, do you imagine that will be the same sort of trend sort of going into your fourth quarter to first quarter or do you see a sequential sort of downtick going to more seasonality?
58	Sean Zhou	2	And if you can give us an update, as well, on the accessories part of the business?
58	Zhengxing Cheng	2	And if you can give us an update, as well, on the accessories part of the business?
59	Sean Zhou	3	And then I will add last question, what is the expectation for Henderson in 2015 for revenue?
59	Zhengxing Cheng	3	And then I will add last question, what is the expectation for Henderson in 2015 for revenue?
60	Sean Zhou	3	Any color as to how you think those properties seemed to have perform versus your original expectations, given that it was quite a while before you could actually close?
60	Zhengxing Cheng	3	Any color as to how you think those properties seemed to have perform versus your original expectations, given that it was quite a while before you could actually close?
61	Sean Zhou	2	What longer-cycle types of businesses are we talking about?
61	Zhengxing Cheng	2	What longer-cycle types of businesses are we talking about?
62	Sean Zhou	3	On this quarter, how do you accelerate traffic online, and anything to account for the moderation that we saw over the last three months?
62	Zhengxing Cheng	3	On this quarter, how do you accelerate traffic online, and anything to account for the moderation that we saw over the last three months?
63	Sean Zhou	3	Can you tell me what your current well spacing assumptions are for your 2015 production projections in Eagle Ford?
63	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Can you tell me what your current well spacing assumptions are for your 2015 production projections in Eagle Ford?
64	Sean Zhou	4	Firstly on cash flow for the quarter, can you just help me get as close as I can to what you think the ongoing cash generation, what the business will be at $60 oil and how representative this quarter was of the ongoing cash flow that you think you'll make at that kind of price level?
64	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Firstly on cash flow for the quarter, can you just help me get as close as I can to what you think the ongoing cash generation, what the business will be at $60 oil and how representative this quarter was of the ongoing cash flow that you think you'll make at that kind of price level?
65	Sean Zhou	2	What specifically happened there?
65	Zhengxing Cheng	2	What specifically happened there?
66	Sean Zhou	1	How much did Japan cost you in this quarter, the outage?
66	Zhengxing Cheng	1	How much did Japan cost you in this quarter, the outage?
67	Sean Zhou	3	Can you give us some sense as to, obviously you talked about being able to cover the dividend in future years, so can you talk about the moving parts from fiscal 2015 to fiscal 2016 in terms of free cash, and how much higher one can reasonably expect your cash flow to be next year?
67	Zhengxing Cheng	3	Can you give us some sense as to, obviously you talked about being able to cover the dividend in future years, so can you talk about the moving parts from fiscal 2015 to fiscal 2016 in terms of free cash, and how much higher one can reasonably expect your cash flow to be next year?
68	Sean Zhou	2	And then I think I missed the endpoint that you talked about earlier, so if you can just repeat that, that would be great?
68	Zhengxing Cheng	2	And then I think I missed the endpoint that you talked about earlier, so if you can just repeat that, that would be great?
69	Sean Zhou	2	Can you give us a sense of what that means for your pricing in 2015?
69	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Can you give us a sense of what that means for your pricing in 2015?
70	Sean Zhou	2	The rejected gas, is that coming out maybe as 1,100 BTU? And does that present any issues on the midstream side, especially with Anadarko doing the same thing?
70	Zhengxing Cheng	1	The rejected gas, is that coming out maybe as 1,100 BTU? And does that present any issues on the midstream side, especially with Anadarko doing the same thing?
71	Sean Zhou	3	On Cerro San Pedro, the grades is up and the recovery is down, is that going to continue for the course of the year, how is the trend in terms of grade and recovery?
71	Zhengxing Cheng	3	On Cerro San Pedro, the grades is up and the recovery is down, is that going to continue for the course of the year, how is the trend in terms of grade and recovery?
72	Sean Zhou	1	And then on -- you talked about Stonewall quite a bit, can you help us get a better idea of what the net cost is for you all to move gas on that system?
72	Zhengxing Cheng	2	And then on -- you talked about Stonewall quite a bit, can you help us get a better idea of what the net cost is for you all to move gas on that system?
73	Sean Zhou	2	Is that what you were suggesting, is you've got an unusually large volume of contracts coming up for renewal?
73	Zhengxing Cheng	1	Is that what you were suggesting, is you've got an unusually large volume of contracts coming up for renewal?
74	Sean Zhou	3	Should you anticipate that to move back up in the fourth quarter?
74	Zhengxing Cheng	3	Should you anticipate that to move back up in the fourth quarter?
75	Sean Zhou	3	And then my follow-up just maybe on 2017, Bill, and just the previous thought on staying kind of within cash flow or cash flow neutrality, is that still the goal as we think about how we should be forecasting CapEx for next year?
75	Zhengxing Cheng	3	And then my follow-up just maybe on 2017, Bill, and just the previous thought on staying kind of within cash flow or cash flow neutrality, is that still the goal as we think about how we should be forecasting CapEx for next year?
76	Sean Zhou	3	What do you think is going to drive your ability to add customers? I know you're focused on Cogent customers, but what do you think the turning point is going to be to kind of leverage those expenses and layer on some incremental revenue there?
76	Zhengxing Cheng	3	What do you think is going to drive your ability to add customers? I know you're focused on Cogent customers, but what do you think the turning point is going to be to kind of leverage those expenses and layer on some incremental revenue there?
77	Sean Zhou	3	I'm just wondering if trends persist are you expecting the same type of decrementals for the second half of the year?
77	Zhengxing Cheng	3	I'm just wondering if trends persist are you expecting the same type of decrementals for the second half of the year?
78	Sean Zhou	4	Could you talk a little bit about the competitive dynamics in that key application processor versus some other areas there that you guys might have less competition and more differentiation?
78	Zhengxing Cheng	4	Could you talk a little bit about the competitive dynamics in that key application processor versus some other areas there that you guys might have less competition and more differentiation?
79	Sean Zhou	1	Are they running across Facebook and Instagram?
79	Zhengxing Cheng	1	Are they running across Facebook and Instagram?
80	Sean Zhou	2	What do you expect your level of inventories to be exiting the December quarter?
80	Zhengxing Cheng	2	What do you expect your level of inventories to be exiting the December quarter?
81	Sean Zhou	2	What's the rationale for buying back stock rather than increasing dividend?
81	Zhengxing Cheng	2	What's the rationale for buying back stock rather than increasing dividend?
82	Sean Zhou	2	I got part of that, but if you could repeat your question I want to make sure we get it?
82	Zhengxing Cheng	2	I got part of that, but if you could repeat your question I want to make sure we get it?
83	Sean Zhou	4	If any of you could share some thoughts of within the business model, which end markets do you think CVG has got the strongest competitor position and where there's places that you may need to bolster it someway?
83	Zhengxing Cheng	2	If any of you could share some thoughts of within the business model, which end markets do you think CVG has got the strongest competitor position and where there's places that you may need to bolster it someway?
84	Sean Zhou	3	What's the timeframe under which we should be expecting kind of the full benefits to flow through for both Hawesville and Sebree if you could?
84	Zhengxing Cheng	3	What's the timeframe under which we should be expecting kind of the full benefits to flow through for both Hawesville and Sebree if you could?
85	Sean Zhou	1	You guys are still active in future years?
85	Zhengxing Cheng	3	You guys are still active in future years?
86	Sean Zhou	2	Could you give us an update on the progress you have made around the facility consolidation efforts that are planned for the year?
86	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Could you give us an update on the progress you have made around the facility consolidation efforts that are planned for the year?
87	Sean Zhou	2	Are there more opportunities like those that you're working through in your front log and what sort of time horizon should we think about those orders as delivering across?
87	Zhengxing Cheng	3	Are there more opportunities like those that you're working through in your front log and what sort of time horizon should we think about those orders as delivering across?
88	Sean Zhou	3	You're below your run rate on CapEx in Q1, and I know you reiterated for the year, but curious if you're giving yourself flexibility in case the second half doesn't prove out to be as strong as you guys are anticipating?
88	Zhengxing Cheng	2	You're below your run rate on CapEx in Q1, and I know you reiterated for the year, but curious if you're giving yourself flexibility in case the second half doesn't prove out to be as strong as you guys are anticipating?
89	Sean Zhou	1	So I guess I'm wondering, first, what that average block hour time was in the second quarter?
89	Zhengxing Cheng	1	So I guess I'm wondering, first, what that average block hour time was in the second quarter?
90	Sean Zhou	3	But as we look to the second half of the year, do you feel even with just the front-end activity that you're seeing, which seems to be picking up, that, that might be enough to start hitting maybe the $2 billion of clips per quarter?
90	Zhengxing Cheng	3	But as we look to the second half of the year, do you feel even with just the front-end activity that you're seeing, which seems to be picking up, that, that might be enough to start hitting maybe the $2 billion of clips per quarter?
91	Sean Zhou	4	Are you seeing any dynamics in terms of differential gross margin in a given region and how should we think about that?
91	Zhengxing Cheng	4	Are you seeing any dynamics in terms of differential gross margin in a given region and how should we think about that?
92	Sean Zhou	1	And if I heard you correctly, your equity needs have been revised to $150 million from $250 million?
92	Zhengxing Cheng	1	And if I heard you correctly, your equity needs have been revised to $150 million from $250 million?
93	Sean Zhou	2	And then just lastly for me, have you made any infrastructure changes to your business in anticipation of the Gen-Probe deal, whether it be sales force cuts, shutting some R&D programs, et cetera?
93	Zhengxing Cheng	2	And then just lastly for me, have you made any infrastructure changes to your business in anticipation of the Gen-Probe deal, whether it be sales force cuts, shutting some R&D programs, et cetera?
94	Sean Zhou	3	And is there a different feel to the market given what we've been seeing from the overall industry data the last six weeks to eight weeks, or is it more a continuation of how you've been experiencing the market year-to-date?
94	Zhengxing Cheng	3	And is there a different feel to the market given what we've been seeing from the overall industry data the last six weeks to eight weeks, or is it more a continuation of how you've been experiencing the market year-to-date?
95	Sean Zhou	3	What's kind of the base case modeling assumption you guys are thinking with respect to how we should be thinking about the increases on a go forward basis as we model out 2017/2018 and 2019?
95	Zhengxing Cheng	2	What's kind of the base case modeling assumption you guys are thinking with respect to how we should be thinking about the increases on a go forward basis as we model out 2017/2018 and 2019?
96	Sean Zhou	2	And have you seen any improvements to utilization stabilization as we went through the fourth quarter?
96	Zhengxing Cheng	2	And have you seen any improvements to utilization stabilization as we went through the fourth quarter?
97	Sean Zhou	4	As you're looking at the competitive landscape now that the major consolidations are done, how do you see this changing the way you're thinking about your capacity over the next year? So have you already planned for this?
97	Zhengxing Cheng	4	As you're looking at the competitive landscape now that the major consolidations are done, how do you see this changing the way you're thinking about your capacity over the next year? So have you already planned for this?
98	Sean Zhou	3	You mentioned that the corporate overhead was higher due to the higher investment spending and the higher depreciation expense from the purchase of the building, it looks like it's about 10 million higher year-on-year, is that a quarterly run rate we should expect going forward or should it moderate from here?
98	Zhengxing Cheng	3	You mentioned that the corporate overhead was higher due to the higher investment spending and the higher depreciation expense from the purchase of the building, it looks like it's about 10 million higher year-on-year, is that a quarterly run rate we should expect going forward or should it moderate from here?
99	Sean Zhou	2	So was that factored into the timing of the dividends or the timing of the announcement?
99	Zhengxing Cheng	2	So was that factored into the timing of the dividends or the timing of the announcement?
100	Sean Zhou	1	And that'd be stabilizing oil production at Q4 levels, but not total production?
100	Zhengxing Cheng	1	And that'd be stabilizing oil production at Q4 levels, but not total production?
101	Sean Zhou	2	What's the timeline for the open seasons there?
101	Zhengxing Cheng	2	What's the timeline for the open seasons there?
102	Sean Zhou	3	Given all the puts and takes there and what you're seeing in the commodity market, how should we think about that line over the next year?
102	Zhengxing Cheng	4	Given all the puts and takes there and what you're seeing in the commodity market, how should we think about that line over the next year?
103	Sean Zhou	2	The follow up question I had is, are there any particular call outs you can offer about the strength in the last two weeks of the quarter?
103	Zhengxing Cheng	3	The follow up question I had is, are there any particular call outs you can offer about the strength in the last two weeks of the quarter?
104	Sean Zhou	3	Can you talk about it a little bit, maybe go down a little bit what factors are driving relative to our expectations to better performance there, what you're doing differently or better in the past?
104	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Can you talk about it a little bit, maybe go down a little bit what factors are driving relative to our expectations to better performance there, what you're doing differently or better in the past?
105	Sean Zhou	2	Can you talk a little bit about what the drivers were at SDG&E, was it all just AFUDC, was there a significant change in the O&M level, and significant change in the cost structure, et cetera?
105	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Can you talk a little bit about what the drivers were at SDG&E, was it all just AFUDC, was there a significant change in the O&M level, and significant change in the cost structure, et cetera?
106	Sean Zhou	2	And I guess to tie it back to the dividend discussion, does it any way hang over that discussion as well or do you see it as more of an isolated risk rather than part of the ongoing capital deployment strategy?
106	Zhengxing Cheng	3	And I guess to tie it back to the dividend discussion, does it any way hang over that discussion as well or do you see it as more of an isolated risk rather than part of the ongoing capital deployment strategy?
107	Sean Zhou	2	Could you give us a little sense of what's going on there since it performed above the chain average? Is it national brands?
107	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Could you give us a little sense of what's going on there since it performed above the chain average? Is it national brands?
108	Sean Zhou	2	Can you talk a little bit about the results of your sales team reorganization, and just give us a little bit more color on how this team is better equipped now to capture some of the organic growth opportunities that you mentioned earlier?
108	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Can you talk a little bit about the results of your sales team reorganization, and just give us a little bit more color on how this team is better equipped now to capture some of the organic growth opportunities that you mentioned earlier?
109	Sean Zhou	2	First and foremost, as you talk about using a little bit more of your direct -- using the balance sheet a little bit more for direct play in Macao, could you talk us through the thinking in terms of credit extension and doing a little bit less with the junkets?
109	Zhengxing Cheng	4	First and foremost, as you talk about using a little bit more of your direct -- using the balance sheet a little bit more for direct play in Macao, could you talk us through the thinking in terms of credit extension and doing a little bit less with the junkets?
110	Sean Zhou	2	And do you think you should have a price down there, because last time we all kind of got hand rung about what's going to go on in Argentina, Venezuela, it seemed like everybody is kind of priced through it? Is that still an option now or is that kind off the table?
110	Zhengxing Cheng	3	And do you think you should have a price down there, because last time we all kind of got hand rung about what's going to go on in Argentina, Venezuela, it seemed like everybody is kind of priced through it? Is that still an option now or is that kind off the table?
111	Sean Zhou	4	And a follow-up question, as consumers continue to migrate more online to buy their products, how does your delivery of innovation change with that dynamic of consumers buying more online?
111	Zhengxing Cheng	3	And a follow-up question, as consumers continue to migrate more online to buy their products, how does your delivery of innovation change with that dynamic of consumers buying more online?
112	Sean Zhou	2	Is it going to be one of those things where your customers ask for it, and then you buy it sometime after that? Or is it going to be where you're going to have a fleet of 50 or 100 or so of these 400-horsepower units on hand?
112	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Is it going to be one of those things where your customers ask for it, and then you buy it sometime after that? Or is it going to be where you're going to have a fleet of 50 or 100 or so of these 400-horsepower units on hand?
113	Sean Zhou	2	On KPC, you mentioned new businesses, are those new products of an existing value stream or new businesses in general, new markets?
113	Zhengxing Cheng	2	On KPC, you mentioned new businesses, are those new products of an existing value stream or new businesses in general, new markets?
114	Sean Zhou	2	I was wondering if maybe you could give us some EV details by geography?
114	Zhengxing Cheng	2	I was wondering if maybe you could give us some EV details by geography?
115	Sean Zhou	3	So how did you end up reaching it probably earlier than what people were thinking?
115	Zhengxing Cheng	4	So how did you end up reaching it probably earlier than what people were thinking?
116	Sean Zhou	2	And then also, is -- are there any milestones in your legal dispute that come before the FDA action date for BYDUREON?
116	Zhengxing Cheng	2	And then also, is -- are there any milestones in your legal dispute that come before the FDA action date for BYDUREON?
117	Sean Zhou	2	Is that correct roughly? I mean of you adjust it for the Venezuelan and everything, zero growth next year?
117	Zhengxing Cheng	1	Is that correct roughly? I mean of you adjust it for the Venezuelan and everything, zero growth next year?
118	Sean Zhou	3	So are you expecting to pull something off in the fourth quarter or more of the same?
118	Zhengxing Cheng	3	So are you expecting to pull something off in the fourth quarter or more of the same?
119	Sean Zhou	3	How would you guys handicap the likelihood of that scenario that you outlined in your slide deck playing out?
119	Zhengxing Cheng	3	How would you guys handicap the likelihood of that scenario that you outlined in your slide deck playing out?
120	Sean Zhou	3	But now with the structural changes, with the change in Google, is it as an attractive a business longer term?
120	Zhengxing Cheng	3	But now with the structural changes, with the change in Google, is it as an attractive a business longer term?
121	Sean Zhou	3	Please don't tell me you think that new home sell numbers are good data points, because new sells and the rest of the nation as may showed, I mean it's kind of silly but do you really don't believe those numbers do you?
121	Zhengxing Cheng	4	Please don't tell me you think that new home sell numbers are good data points, because new sells and the rest of the nation as may showed, I mean it's kind of silly but do you really don't believe those numbers do you?
122	Sean Zhou	3	On the liquidity front, do you have a target or a range that you think you're going to be remain in for the year, on a quarterly basis?
122	Zhengxing Cheng	1	On the liquidity front, do you have a target or a range that you think you're going to be remain in for the year, on a quarterly basis?
123	Sean Zhou	1	It sounds like priorities are organic, then possibly projects and last on the list sort of whole portfolio company type things?
123	Zhengxing Cheng	1	It sounds like priorities are organic, then possibly projects and last on the list sort of whole portfolio company type things?
124	Sean Zhou	3	And so, I was just curious what that 70% meant in terms of utilization or how you're thinking about that number, what it's related to?
124	Zhengxing Cheng	2	And so, I was just curious what that 70% meant in terms of utilization or how you're thinking about that number, what it's related to?
125	Sean Zhou	1	What is your assumed ROE at the regulated businesses?
125	Zhengxing Cheng	2	What is your assumed ROE at the regulated businesses?
126	Sean Zhou	3	Should we view or I guess how do you guys view the growth opportunity set in that market?
126	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Should we view or I guess how do you guys view the growth opportunity set in that market?
127	Sean Zhou	3	Is that the right way to think about your business once we start to see volumes increase on a year-over-year basis? And if so, is that incremental margin framework only achievable at coal environment that's at least flat or stabilized?
127	Zhengxing Cheng	3	Is that the right way to think about your business once we start to see volumes increase on a year-over-year basis? And if so, is that incremental margin framework only achievable at coal environment that's at least flat or stabilized?
128	Sean Zhou	3	And then how are you thinking about the progression of asphalt mix pricing throughout the year?
128	Zhengxing Cheng	4	And then how are you thinking about the progression of asphalt mix pricing throughout the year?
129	Sean Zhou	3	The backlog of uncompleted wells is sitting in the low 40s, where would you expect that to get to by the end of the year?
129	Zhengxing Cheng	3	The backlog of uncompleted wells is sitting in the low 40s, where would you expect that to get to by the end of the year?
130	Sean Zhou	1	Do you have purchase accounting charges in Test & Measurement?
130	Zhengxing Cheng	1	Do you have purchase accounting charges in Test & Measurement?
131	Sean Zhou	3	Is there any way that you can kind of ballpark the incremental margins on the organic volume growth, just so we can get a sense of, you know what I mean, how strong of a component that is to the overall improvement?
131	Zhengxing Cheng	3	Is there any way that you can kind of ballpark the incremental margins on the organic volume growth, just so we can get a sense of, you know what I mean, how strong of a component that is to the overall improvement?
132	Sean Zhou	4	Can you talk about just kind of the valuations and how those are looking out in the market now versus what you've seen over the last few years? Are people starting to get a little bit more rational?
132	Zhengxing Cheng	4	Can you talk about just kind of the valuations and how those are looking out in the market now versus what you've seen over the last few years? Are people starting to get a little bit more rational?
133	Sean Zhou	2	Have you budgeted any equity issuance to cover third-party liability costs that may not be recovered under your insurance policy?
133	Zhengxing Cheng	1	Have you budgeted any equity issuance to cover third-party liability costs that may not be recovered under your insurance policy?
134	Sean Zhou	3	What is it that needs to happen for that digital shift to occur? Do you need more rights? You just need more devices in the market?
134	Zhengxing Cheng	4	What is it that needs to happen for that digital shift to occur? Do you need more rights? You just need more devices in the market?
135	Sean Zhou	2	Any new hedges you put on beyond and ones you put on back in August?
135	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Any new hedges you put on beyond and ones you put on back in August?
136	Sean Zhou	2	What is the pace of that restructuring cash use for the balance of the year, is your expectation?
136	Zhengxing Cheng	3	What is the pace of that restructuring cash use for the balance of the year, is your expectation?
137	Sean Zhou	4	What areas are kind of the focal points for you? Are you focusing on energy and aerospace-related assets? Or what's the mindset on that?
137	Zhengxing Cheng	4	What areas are kind of the focal points for you? Are you focusing on energy and aerospace-related assets? Or what's the mindset on that?
138	Sean Zhou	3	When we get to the end of the year, networking capital should be hopefully $40 million positive on the cash flow statement?
138	Zhengxing Cheng	3	When we get to the end of the year, networking capital should be hopefully $40 million positive on the cash flow statement?
139	Sean Zhou	2	Well then, how far away are we from actually seeing those kind of margins?
139	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Well then, how far away are we from actually seeing those kind of margins?
140	Sean Zhou	2	First of all, just looking at some of the Asia commentary, can you talk a little bit more in detail about the high volume mix?
140	Zhengxing Cheng	2	First of all, just looking at some of the Asia commentary, can you talk a little bit more in detail about the high volume mix?
141	Sean Zhou	4	Just wondering if you could remind us what your content differential is on four wheel drive versus two-wheel drive and as you have seen sort of this -- your historical performance around gas prices being incredibly low, is this kind of a mix that might stay at this level going forward?
141	Zhengxing Cheng	3	Just wondering if you could remind us what your content differential is on four wheel drive versus two-wheel drive and as you have seen sort of this -- your historical performance around gas prices being incredibly low, is this kind of a mix that might stay at this level going forward?
142	Sean Zhou	3	And is there a thought to reevaluate that given how if the market persists at this sort of level for a sustained period?
142	Zhengxing Cheng	3	And is there a thought to reevaluate that given how if the market persists at this sort of level for a sustained period?
143	Sean Zhou	3	Shouldn't that create some headroom for at least some incremental CapEx flow with your prior guidance?
143	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Shouldn't that create some headroom for at least some incremental CapEx flow with your prior guidance?
144	Sean Zhou	2	How often you guys evaluate the portfolio in terms of thinking about any potential new exits that you might be thinking for 2015 that aren't necessarily in the existing core sale outlook for 2015?
144	Zhengxing Cheng	3	How often you guys evaluate the portfolio in terms of thinking about any potential new exits that you might be thinking for 2015 that aren't necessarily in the existing core sale outlook for 2015?
145	Sean Zhou	3	And I guess my question is, is that a function of expanding energy orders with perhaps, say, some of these big energy companies that just take longer to pay? Is this the derivative of supporting growth?
145	Zhengxing Cheng	2	And I guess my question is, is that a function of expanding energy orders with perhaps, say, some of these big energy companies that just take longer to pay? Is this the derivative of supporting growth?
146	Sean Zhou	1	And are you already doing that?
146	Zhengxing Cheng	1	And are you already doing that?
147	Sean Zhou	4	At the annual sales meeting, some of the reasons for the higher spending this quarter, how should we think about OpEx for the remaining of 2015?
147	Zhengxing Cheng	4	At the annual sales meeting, some of the reasons for the higher spending this quarter, how should we think about OpEx for the remaining of 2015?
148	Sean Zhou	2	Are you seeing wireless become a bigger part of your story in terms of actual time spent watching, especially overseas?
148	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Are you seeing wireless become a bigger part of your story in terms of actual time spent watching, especially overseas?
149	Sean Zhou	1	So can you give a little more color on what you would think your expected win rate is?
149	Zhengxing Cheng	3	So can you give a little more color on what you would think your expected win rate is?
150	Sean Zhou	1	And the storm cost, I think you said $2 million to $4 million or $4 million to $6 million, what did you say?
150	Zhengxing Cheng	1	And the storm cost, I think you said $2 million to $4 million or $4 million to $6 million, what did you say?
151	Sean Zhou	3	Is there something we're missing? I know renewable is supposed to be weak, but is there something like, is DIRECTV the other bogey or is there a level of conservatism baked in?
151	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Is there something we're missing? I know renewable is supposed to be weak, but is there something like, is DIRECTV the other bogey or is there a level of conservatism baked in?
152	Sean Zhou	3	Just on the antenna roadmap to 5G, you guys expect to have to increased R&D efforts, your tuck-in acquisitions, and just generally are things getting more competitive as you think about 5G antennas?
152	Zhengxing Cheng	3	Just on the antenna roadmap to 5G, you guys expect to have to increased R&D efforts, your tuck-in acquisitions, and just generally are things getting more competitive as you think about 5G antennas?
153	Sean Zhou	2	And then lastly, could you talk about your new advertising campaign and what the incremental marketing expenses could be?
153	Zhengxing Cheng	3	And then lastly, could you talk about your new advertising campaign and what the incremental marketing expenses could be?
154	Sean Zhou	2	Should we be thinking about that? Can you just tell us quarterly is it evenly distributed, is it more first half, second half?
154	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Should we be thinking about that? Can you just tell us quarterly is it evenly distributed, is it more first half, second half?
155	Sean Zhou	3	And then on the carbon pitch side, are there any areas or regions where you're seeing particular pressure on the pricing or are there other areas where you're seeing more favorable pricing?
155	Zhengxing Cheng	3	And then on the carbon pitch side, are there any areas or regions where you're seeing particular pressure on the pricing or are there other areas where you're seeing more favorable pricing?
156	Sean Zhou	3	I am just interested in knowing if how you guys think about deploying capital into buying pre-FID barrels versus putting more capital into exploration with that or anything you would be interested in doing?
156	Zhengxing Cheng	3	I am just interested in knowing if how you guys think about deploying capital into buying pre-FID barrels versus putting more capital into exploration with that or anything you would be interested in doing?
157	Sean Zhou	3	I guess what I'm trying to get add is I guess do you see any room for further downside just outside of the FX headwinds?
157	Zhengxing Cheng	3	I guess what I'm trying to get add is I guess do you see any room for further downside just outside of the FX headwinds?
158	Sean Zhou	4	So can you discuss what the long-term, as more of the pharmaceutical market and the value of the pharmaceutical market moves to specialty drugs? Is that sort of the underlying or part of the underlying reason for this agreement long-term strategically?
158	Zhengxing Cheng	4	So can you discuss what the long-term, as more of the pharmaceutical market and the value of the pharmaceutical market moves to specialty drugs? Is that sort of the underlying or part of the underlying reason for this agreement long-term strategically?
159	Sean Zhou	2	As far as our guidance, is there a meaningful impact there?
159	Zhengxing Cheng	2	As far as our guidance, is there a meaningful impact there?
160	Sean Zhou	2	So it's like -- I guess what I'm getting at is just the difference between the -- the difference in the differentials, the new change in production, is that what offsets this?
160	Zhengxing Cheng	2	So it's like -- I guess what I'm getting at is just the difference between the -- the difference in the differentials, the new change in production, is that what offsets this?
161	Sean Zhou	1	Is this something that will continue at its current pace into next year?
161	Zhengxing Cheng	3	Is this something that will continue at its current pace into next year?
162	Sean Zhou	1	So 70, 80 is kind of the base you are talking about?
162	Zhengxing Cheng	1	So 70, 80 is kind of the base you are talking about?
163	Sean Zhou	4	And can you maybe discuss the seasonality in the business and beyond, of course, the Q2 maintenance and how Dresden might impact that?
163	Zhengxing Cheng	4	And can you maybe discuss the seasonality in the business and beyond, of course, the Q2 maintenance and how Dresden might impact that?
164	Sean Zhou	3	Just want to clarify on that earlier question regarding market share, should we assume that your guidance does imply a little bit share gain at the back half of the year?
164	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Just want to clarify on that earlier question regarding market share, should we assume that your guidance does imply a little bit share gain at the back half of the year?
165	Sean Zhou	2	Your sort of optimism or your upbeat note on Oil & Gas, within your mix, would you say that market share gains wise you stand pretty well but the fab yards?
165	Zhengxing Cheng	3	Your sort of optimism or your upbeat note on Oil & Gas, within your mix, would you say that market share gains wise you stand pretty well but the fab yards?
166	Sean Zhou	3	Because part of the test is to inform us, as we roll this out to more markets in the fall, is how exactly do you position us? Why would I want to reserve something in-store?
166	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Because part of the test is to inform us, as we roll this out to more markets in the fall, is how exactly do you position us? Why would I want to reserve something in-store?
167	Sean Zhou	1	Maybe can you ballpark it, you have given us, I think it was 14 million or 15 million of EBITDA?
167	Zhengxing Cheng	1	Maybe can you ballpark it, you have given us, I think it was 14 million or 15 million of EBITDA?
168	Sean Zhou	3	Just on a separate question, do you envision DeLorme effect to continue for a while?
168	Zhengxing Cheng	3	Just on a separate question, do you envision DeLorme effect to continue for a while?
169	Sean Zhou	3	How are you asking your customers to pay for Volly? Is it sort of getting Volly into larger contracts right now as an add-on so that you can maintain a relationship with the transition or is there a separate charge for it?
169	Zhengxing Cheng	3	How are you asking your customers to pay for Volly? Is it sort of getting Volly into larger contracts right now as an add-on so that you can maintain a relationship with the transition or is there a separate charge for it?
170	Sean Zhou	2	Are we delivering what we promised to our customers?
170	Zhengxing Cheng	1	Are we delivering what we promised to our customers?
171	Sean Zhou	2	How much of the increase is related to Stellite?
171	Zhengxing Cheng	2	How much of the increase is related to Stellite?
172	Sean Zhou	3	Could Brazil eventually be your best margin business or up there with the other businesses once it's kind of at a bit higher volume rates going forward?
172	Zhengxing Cheng	3	Could Brazil eventually be your best margin business or up there with the other businesses once it's kind of at a bit higher volume rates going forward?
173	Sean Zhou	2	The growth that you're anticipating for the second half of the year in the Crane business, is that based on just macro and sort of historical trends?
173	Zhengxing Cheng	2	The growth that you're anticipating for the second half of the year in the Crane business, is that based on just macro and sort of historical trends?
174	Sean Zhou	2	I mean, do you continue to see some encouraging trends there?
174	Zhengxing Cheng	2	I mean, do you continue to see some encouraging trends there?
175	Sean Zhou	3	The question for you is, are you still expecting strong growth in this sub-segment this year?
175	Zhengxing Cheng	3	The question for you is, are you still expecting strong growth in this sub-segment this year?
176	Sean Zhou	1	Is that your expectation as well?
176	Zhengxing Cheng	1	Is that your expectation as well?
177	Sean Zhou	3	Yes I guess what I'm thinking about the is if we look forward into 2016 you won't have that 21 days, so how much financially will we get back from that all of the things being equal?
177	Zhengxing Cheng	3	Yes I guess what I'm thinking about the is if we look forward into 2016 you won't have that 21 days, so how much financially will we get back from that all of the things being equal?
178	Sean Zhou	2	Could you just dive in a little bit more, was there something unique that was going on that's driving this increase?
178	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Could you just dive in a little bit more, was there something unique that was going on that's driving this increase?
179	Sean Zhou	3	Where do you think your season pass works down the road?
179	Zhengxing Cheng	4	Where do you think your season pass works down the road?
180	Sean Zhou	2	I think with respect to Lagunas Norte, why don't you have a view on Lagunas Norte going forward?
180	Zhengxing Cheng	4	I think with respect to Lagunas Norte, why don't you have a view on Lagunas Norte going forward?
181	Sean Zhou	3	If you could just comment on what's going on there; is it the projects that are in backlog, the burn rate is lower than what you would have thought?
181	Zhengxing Cheng	3	If you could just comment on what's going on there; is it the projects that are in backlog, the burn rate is lower than what you would have thought?
182	Sean Zhou	4	From a bookings and backlog perspective, can you just give us some color on demand patterns by geography here in the September quarter?
182	Zhengxing Cheng	3	From a bookings and backlog perspective, can you just give us some color on demand patterns by geography here in the September quarter?
183	Sean Zhou	3	How should we think about inventory pacing through the second quarter as you move into some of the other movie releases?
183	Zhengxing Cheng	2	How should we think about inventory pacing through the second quarter as you move into some of the other movie releases?
184	Sean Zhou	2	I was hoping, you touched on it a little bit earlier but can you just give us a little more detail and an update on backlog mix as it relates to valves versus line pipe?
184	Zhengxing Cheng	2	I was hoping, you touched on it a little bit earlier but can you just give us a little more detail and an update on backlog mix as it relates to valves versus line pipe?
185	Sean Zhou	2	Should we think about business as growing going forward and maybe the new benchmark is not flat?
185	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Should we think about business as growing going forward and maybe the new benchmark is not flat?
186	Sean Zhou	3	So, are we past the worst of the comps there? How do we reconcile that type of move with the pretty severe rate decline that's implied in your maintained guidance for the year?
186	Zhengxing Cheng	3	So, are we past the worst of the comps there? How do we reconcile that type of move with the pretty severe rate decline that's implied in your maintained guidance for the year?
187	Sean Zhou	2	Could you give us a little color on where in emerging markets you're gaining traction?
187	Zhengxing Cheng	4	Could you give us a little color on where in emerging markets you're gaining traction?
188	Sean Zhou	1	What's the plan proposed to A-17 well?
188	Zhengxing Cheng	4	What's the plan proposed to A-17 well?
189	Sean Zhou	4	You sound positive on the overall industrial in that market, yet I think organic was down in the quarter, I don't know if that was a carryforward of the issues last quarter, but just why are you more bullish on that business here into the back half of the year, or I guess the end of the year and into '15?
189	Zhengxing Cheng	3	You sound positive on the overall industrial in that market, yet I think organic was down in the quarter, I don't know if that was a carryforward of the issues last quarter, but just why are you more bullish on that business here into the back half of the year, or I guess the end of the year and into '15?
190	Sean Zhou	2	Can you talk about maybe how much overall revenue impact it truly has been?
190	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Can you talk about maybe how much overall revenue impact it truly has been?
191	Sean Zhou	2	Can you repeat on the water solutions business, what the volumes were?
191	Zhengxing Cheng	1	Can you repeat on the water solutions business, what the volumes were?
192	Sean Zhou	4	Do you have that booking or the expectations of power quality, what's driving that profile, big profile step-up in the second half versus first half?
192	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Do you have that booking or the expectations of power quality, what's driving that profile, big profile step-up in the second half versus first half?
193	Sean Zhou	1	But the number of tons that you sell has not materially changed?
193	Zhengxing Cheng	1	But the number of tons that you sell has not materially changed?
194	Sean Zhou	2	So is it fair to say that hopefully, we're getting close to the point where the inventories in the channel you would think are reasonably balanced or am I misreading that?
194	Zhengxing Cheng	3	So is it fair to say that hopefully, we're getting close to the point where the inventories in the channel you would think are reasonably balanced or am I misreading that?
195	Sean Zhou	4	What impact do you see on the commodities side there for crude oil prices and nat gas prices, if you're comfortable sharing thoughts there and what impact that could have on Plain?
195	Zhengxing Cheng	4	What impact do you see on the commodities side there for crude oil prices and nat gas prices, if you're comfortable sharing thoughts there and what impact that could have on Plain?
196	Sean Zhou	3	So is that sustainable?
196	Zhengxing Cheng	1	So is that sustainable?
197	Sean Zhou	2	Why do you think that's the case?
197	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Why do you think that's the case?
198	Sean Zhou	2	Can you talk about the degree to which those new products are seeing uptick in the clinical segments?
198	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Can you talk about the degree to which those new products are seeing uptick in the clinical segments?
199	Sean Zhou	2	Do you think third quarter will be sort of fully clear or will you be fully back up sort of in the fourth quarter?
199	Zhengxing Cheng	3	Do you think third quarter will be sort of fully clear or will you be fully back up sort of in the fourth quarter?
200	Sean Zhou	4	So can you just help us sort of bridge the gap between the 2 in terms of the outlook?
200	Zhengxing Cheng	2	So can you just help us sort of bridge the gap between the 2 in terms of the outlook?
201	Sean Zhou	1	So is it still some purchase accounting that you're dealing with over there?
201	Zhengxing Cheng	1	So is it still some purchase accounting that you're dealing with over there?
202	Sean Zhou	2	Can you just talk about what the main drivers causing those lower year-over-year comparisons?
202	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Can you just talk about what the main drivers causing those lower year-over-year comparisons?
203	Sean Zhou	3	If that those huge numbers that talked by Apache did not materialize and end up to be smaller, you still won't willing that you have to integrate model that including the ownership in the resource?
203	Zhengxing Cheng	3	If that those huge numbers that talked by Apache did not materialize and end up to be smaller, you still won't willing that you have to integrate model that including the ownership in the resource?
204	Sean Zhou	3	With respect to the $70 million in redeployed spending, how will you measure success?
204	Zhengxing Cheng	3	With respect to the $70 million in redeployed spending, how will you measure success?
205	Sean Zhou	4	What's going on there?
205	Zhengxing Cheng	4	What's going on there?
206	Sean Zhou	3	How might that impact your demand trends there, if at all?
206	Zhengxing Cheng	4	How might that impact your demand trends there, if at all?
207	Sean Zhou	3	And then just any sense as just to sizing that success fee so we get a sense of what that impact would be as we think about Q4?
207	Zhengxing Cheng	3	And then just any sense as just to sizing that success fee so we get a sense of what that impact would be as we think about Q4?
208	Sean Zhou	4	It just seems that the SG&A side, the cost control has been good, how much more can be really pull out on the SG&A as you think about next year and how much do you have to rely I guess on additional acquisitions maybe to get more leverage on the SG&A side?
208	Zhengxing Cheng	3	It just seems that the SG&A side, the cost control has been good, how much more can be really pull out on the SG&A as you think about next year and how much do you have to rely I guess on additional acquisitions maybe to get more leverage on the SG&A side?
209	Sean Zhou	3	And then just the last question is, just in terms of the overall pricing, do you think that sort of firms up going forward, or are you thinking that, that will still be under pressure for the next couple of quarters?
209	Zhengxing Cheng	3	And then just the last question is, just in terms of the overall pricing, do you think that sort of firms up going forward, or are you thinking that, that will still be under pressure for the next couple of quarters?
210	Sean Zhou	2	I was hoping I'd just get a better understanding of what the spending pattern has been and then what's going to happen in the first quarter?
210	Zhengxing Cheng	3	I was hoping I'd just get a better understanding of what the spending pattern has been and then what's going to happen in the first quarter?
211	Sean Zhou	1	And I was also wondering, have you spoken to the rating agencies at all regarding all these issues that have taken place over the last few months?
211	Zhengxing Cheng	1	And I was also wondering, have you spoken to the rating agencies at all regarding all these issues that have taken place over the last few months?
212	Sean Zhou	2	So like, is the first quarter disproportionately high versus the year or you just divide the $50 million by 4?
212	Zhengxing Cheng	1	So like, is the first quarter disproportionately high versus the year or you just divide the $50 million by 4?
213	Sean Zhou	1	No, no, the one-time cost, because I think your free cash flow definition is excluding the cash impact of FIP, right?
213	Zhengxing Cheng	1	No, no, the one-time cost, because I think your free cash flow definition is excluding the cash impact of FIP, right?
214	Sean Zhou	4	Could you talk a little bit about the competitive dynamics in that key application processor versus some other areas there that you guys might have less competition and more differentiation?
214	Zhengxing Cheng	4	Could you talk a little bit about the competitive dynamics in that key application processor versus some other areas there that you guys might have less competition and more differentiation?
215	Sean Zhou	2	In which verticals are they being delayed?
215	Zhengxing Cheng	2	In which verticals are they being delayed?
216	Sean Zhou	3	So not really guidance but the way that it worked in the past has been more backend loaded, so I was wondering if you could just give us a little bit more color on sort of how this year looks, and if that's change versus other years?
216	Zhengxing Cheng	4	So not really guidance but the way that it worked in the past has been more backend loaded, so I was wondering if you could just give us a little bit more color on sort of how this year looks, and if that's change versus other years?
217	Sean Zhou	1	And then moving to the criteria, I guess I just want to be clear are you seeing any payers government or non-government that are already using the criteria?
217	Zhengxing Cheng	1	And then moving to the criteria, I guess I just want to be clear are you seeing any payers government or non-government that are already using the criteria?
218	Sean Zhou	1	Does the weakness there slow that down?
218	Zhengxing Cheng	1	Does the weakness there slow that down?
219	Sean Zhou	2	What accounts for that change?
219	Zhengxing Cheng	2	What accounts for that change?
220	Sean Zhou	2	Just curious on just your OE bookings, what kind of magnitude are you looking at in terms of potential pricing declines in that business today?
220	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Just curious on just your OE bookings, what kind of magnitude are you looking at in terms of potential pricing declines in that business today?
221	Sean Zhou	3	So I guess what I'm trying to ask is, do you expect the gap that you've normally been outpacing PC shipments to kind of the gap to widen similar to what we saw this quarter versus what historicals might tell us?
221	Zhengxing Cheng	3	So I guess what I'm trying to ask is, do you expect the gap that you've normally been outpacing PC shipments to kind of the gap to widen similar to what we saw this quarter versus what historicals might tell us?
222	Sean Zhou	2	And secondly, I just wanted to know where we stand today?
222	Zhengxing Cheng	2	And secondly, I just wanted to know where we stand today?
223	Sean Zhou	2	And then, perhaps, you'd like to comment on the fit between sclerostin and Prolia?
223	Zhengxing Cheng	2	And then, perhaps, you'd like to comment on the fit between sclerostin and Prolia?
224	Sean Zhou	2	I guess, was this more due to competitive activity or just an effort to drive traffic at your stores, if you can talk a little bit about why that resulted?
224	Zhengxing Cheng	2	I guess, was this more due to competitive activity or just an effort to drive traffic at your stores, if you can talk a little bit about why that resulted?
225	Sean Zhou	1	Just within your portfolio of North American businesses and the various lines and the markets you've got there, do you watch one or two or three as particular leading indicators?
225	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Just within your portfolio of North American businesses and the various lines and the markets you've got there, do you watch one or two or three as particular leading indicators?
226	Sean Zhou	1	Did that continue in the second quarter?
226	Zhengxing Cheng	1	Did that continue in the second quarter?
227	Sean Zhou	2	Just to follow-up on question on the repair tax, why would that not be an adjustment to rate base?
227	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Just to follow-up on question on the repair tax, why would that not be an adjustment to rate base?
228	Sean Zhou	1	Do you break out how much of the engines and parts are yet, sorry if I missed that, in the inventory?
228	Zhengxing Cheng	1	Do you break out how much of the engines and parts are yet, sorry if I missed that, in the inventory?
229	Sean Zhou	4	So are you -- how does that work out? Are you seeing more deals coming your way, but they're just asking too much money? Or how do you see this market kind of evolving right now?
229	Zhengxing Cheng	4	So are you -- how does that work out? Are you seeing more deals coming your way, but they're just asking too much money? Or how do you see this market kind of evolving right now?
230	Sean Zhou	1	Can you provide the 16-bit business, 32-bit business analog?
230	Zhengxing Cheng	1	Can you provide the 16-bit business, 32-bit business analog?
231	Sean Zhou	3	But how much of that was just attributable to the weaker military and oil and gas business versus what may have been in that number in terms of structural cost takeouts?
231	Zhengxing Cheng	3	But how much of that was just attributable to the weaker military and oil and gas business versus what may have been in that number in terms of structural cost takeouts?
232	Sean Zhou	4	Can you talk a little about your plans for the AWS-3 auction and the incentive auction, how you fund both of these and a little bit about the reported $10 billion Spectrum JV with Sprint?
232	Zhengxing Cheng	4	Can you talk a little about your plans for the AWS-3 auction and the incentive auction, how you fund both of these and a little bit about the reported $10 billion Spectrum JV with Sprint?
233	Sean Zhou	2	Is that just because you want to give confidence or get confidence that there's enough time to separate between the curves? Is that what you're thinking?
233	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Is that just because you want to give confidence or get confidence that there's enough time to separate between the curves? Is that what you're thinking?
234	Sean Zhou	2	And then in terms of thinking about the system rollouts that you guys have been talking about for a number of years, are we essentially done with that now that we've finished Europe? What else needs to happen?
234	Zhengxing Cheng	2	And then in terms of thinking about the system rollouts that you guys have been talking about for a number of years, are we essentially done with that now that we've finished Europe? What else needs to happen?
235	Sean Zhou	4	You called out pricing earlier in your commentary and I wonder how important at this point is pricing, have you been trying to implement new pricing strategies within RBI and if that's one of the more difficult things to implement to get the culture change?
235	Zhengxing Cheng	2	You called out pricing earlier in your commentary and I wonder how important at this point is pricing, have you been trying to implement new pricing strategies within RBI and if that's one of the more difficult things to implement to get the culture change?
236	Sean Zhou	2	Any update on potential timing for that?
236	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Any update on potential timing for that?
237	Sean Zhou	3	I was wondering in your view, with the way the market has changed, do you believe the discount rate for gold companies is changing?
237	Zhengxing Cheng	3	I was wondering in your view, with the way the market has changed, do you believe the discount rate for gold companies is changing?
238	Sean Zhou	1	Can you size that for us where you are now on total digital subs in terms of a hard number?
238	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Can you size that for us where you are now on total digital subs in terms of a hard number?
239	Sean Zhou	1	Larry, just to clarify that last point, the 55% is where you are today, or that's where you would expect to be in 2016?
239	Zhengxing Cheng	1	Larry, just to clarify that last point, the 55% is where you are today, or that's where you would expect to be in 2016?
240	Sean Zhou	1	Have you -- I guess, at this point, have you negotiated exchange contracts? If you have, can you give us a sense of what percentage maybe of the book you've maybe negotiated?
240	Zhengxing Cheng	1	Have you -- I guess, at this point, have you negotiated exchange contracts? If you have, can you give us a sense of what percentage maybe of the book you've maybe negotiated?
241	Sean Zhou	2	Also, can you describe some of the key DPP-4 market dynamics such as how long patients typically remain on DPP-4 therapy before adding therapies or switching to other therapies?
241	Zhengxing Cheng	2	Also, can you describe some of the key DPP-4 market dynamics such as how long patients typically remain on DPP-4 therapy before adding therapies or switching to other therapies?
242	Sean Zhou	1	And what was the core for Industrial in the quarter?
242	Zhengxing Cheng	2	And what was the core for Industrial in the quarter?
243	Sean Zhou	3	So I was just wondering, as you look at the portfolio, are there other opportunities that you can kind of cure the portfolio a little bit more value as you look longer term?
243	Zhengxing Cheng	2	So I was just wondering, as you look at the portfolio, are there other opportunities that you can kind of cure the portfolio a little bit more value as you look longer term?
244	Sean Zhou	1	Do you expect to sort of see those same trends this year as well?
244	Zhengxing Cheng	3	Do you expect to sort of see those same trends this year as well?
245	Sean Zhou	2	What gives you confidence that you can hit those numbers?
245	Zhengxing Cheng	2	What gives you confidence that you can hit those numbers?
246	Sean Zhou	1	Are those splitters generating positive cash flow in the current commodity price environment?
246	Zhengxing Cheng	1	Are those splitters generating positive cash flow in the current commodity price environment?
247	Sean Zhou	2	Are you seeing any incremental impact from some of the small business initiative or an effort in the intel community to reduce the contractor content?
247	Zhengxing Cheng	3	Are you seeing any incremental impact from some of the small business initiative or an effort in the intel community to reduce the contractor content?
248	Sean Zhou	2	And I guess because of that there has been no kind of behind the scenes conversations from them, kind of prodding you to short that metric?
248	Zhengxing Cheng	2	And I guess because of that there has been no kind of behind the scenes conversations from them, kind of prodding you to short that metric?
249	Sean Zhou	3	So does that mean in October quarter you think that the mix is going to shift more to legacy kind of routing and switching versus the remaining I guess call it advanced portfolio?
249	Zhengxing Cheng	3	So does that mean in October quarter you think that the mix is going to shift more to legacy kind of routing and switching versus the remaining I guess call it advanced portfolio?