467	adjudicated	1	And then moving to the criteria, I guess I just want to be clear are you seeing any payers government or non-government that are already using the criteria?
83	adjudicated	2	Is this part of the result that we're seeing in terms of both better revenue in TS in the quarter driven by the Americas and also the better-than-seasonal outlook as well?
245	adjudicated	4	Can you help us understand how we should be holding you accountable, or thinking about your plans, or what's truly a special sauce, if you will, you're going to bring to the job?
165	adjudicated	2	It clearly sounds like you have got some, the orders you were waiting for on the Airborne side and I am just curious, were you guys expecting those orders to come in when you laid out your initial guidance?
163	adjudicated	2	Is it possible to try to bracket how much of that was due to the bad weather that we had?
199	adjudicated	2	So what have we done to remedy the group sales issues we discussed in June?
228	adjudicated	4	I guess from the DTC campaign that you had with TECFIDERA, what were some of the learnings that you took away for that campaign around the television form and why you chose to keep the print?
74	adjudicated	4	I'm just surprised that 10% of sales will be this much of a drag? Or if there was something else in the other businesses, just a timing issue or something from the quarter?
478	adjudicated	1	Do you break out how much of the engines and parts are yet, sorry if I missed that, in the inventory?
358	adjudicated	2	Can you talk a little bit about the results of your sales team reorganization, and just give us a little bit more color on how this team is better equipped now to capture some of the organic growth opportunities that you mentioned earlier?
250	adjudicated	3	So as we think about the number last year around $300 million, as we look forward beyond this year and kind of ignore the carryover impacts, is that realistically kind of the real floor for how low CapEx would go?
119	adjudicated	3	Again, just coming back to an earlier question around MyDay, is there a scenario where you might decide to step that up a little bit to, again, improve your ability to supply MyDay?
310	adjudicated	3	Any color as to how you think those properties seemed to have perform versus your original expectations, given that it was quite a while before you could actually close?
299	adjudicated	3	When do you think the destocking will end? And do you think we'll see normalized demand at any point during the back half of the year?
255	adjudicated	2	And can you just give a quick reminder of what your cash flow is extremely strong, you have a great free cash flow yield, what is your sort of position on NOLs and what is your effective cash tax rate now?
354	adjudicated	3	Can you talk about it a little bit, maybe go down a little bit what factors are driving relative to our expectations to better performance there, what you're doing differently or better in the past?
399	adjudicated	3	So can you give a little more color on what you would think your expected win rate is?
225	adjudicated	2	And I understand the crude price movement was upward and/kind of stabilizing over the quarter, but anything else there that we should note?
353	adjudicated	2	The follow up question I had is, are there any particular call outs you can offer about the strength in the last two weeks of the quarter?
234	adjudicated	1	When did those projects kind of get completed just kind of wondering a little more detail on that?
382	adjudicated	4	Can you talk about just kind of the valuations and how those are looking out in the market now versus what you've seen over the last few years? Are people starting to get a little bit more rational?
274	adjudicated	3	Just can you give us a little bit more granularity on the difference between the economics going the OTT route versus, what was historically more of a direct distribution model?
36	adjudicated	3	If I'm thinking about the weather being somewhat troublesome for sales in the fourth quarter, shouldn't there also be a net benefit to working capital for the first quarter, just maybe not having to replace inventory whether it's fluids or batteries, things of that nature?
196	adjudicated	4	Just kind of wondering if there's any updated commentary around Marcellus type curves in that context and how wells are hanging in relative to the curves you put up earlier this year and how we might think about that heading into 2014?
139	adjudicated	3	And then is the -- the deadline for this interoperability is 2016 and is that aside from Riyadh in the tolling business, are we seeing that influence or have we seen it or should it accelerate when it comes to TransCore?
364	adjudicated	2	I was wondering if maybe you could give us some EV details by geography?
244	adjudicated	2	Are you talking about the impact from these charges related to these programs that we're talking about?
439	adjudicated	4	You sound positive on the overall industrial in that market, yet I think organic was down in the quarter, I don't know if that was a carryforward of the issues last quarter, but just why are you more bullish on that business here into the back half of the year, or I guess the end of the year and into '15?
286	adjudicated	3	Would you expect that to go up?
59	adjudicated	3	And I’m just wondering, the variability of cost and labor and some of the other things, what does margin look like in the 3% to 5% comp versus a 7% to 9% comp?
111	adjudicated	1	With laser pipeline starting up, is all of your Marcellus shut-in production essentially online now? Or where are we at within that space?
89	adjudicated	3	Can you just help us then where does that channel fit from a profitability perspective relative to the balance of your business?
436	adjudicated	3	So, are we past the worst of the comps there? How do we reconcile that type of move with the pretty severe rate decline that's implied in your maintained guidance for the year?
6	adjudicated	2	You brought down the guidance for comps in Q2 and Q3, could you talk about your thoughts behind doing that?
360	adjudicated	2	And do you think you should have a price down there, because last time we all kind of got hand rung about what's going to go on in Argentina, Venezuela, it seemed like everybody is kind of priced through it? Is that still an option now or is that kind off the table?
346	adjudicated	2	And have you seen any improvements to utilization stabilization as we went through the fourth quarter?
338	adjudicated	3	You're below your run rate on CapEx in Q1, and I know you reiterated for the year, but curious if you're giving yourself flexibility in case the second half doesn't prove out to be as strong as you guys are anticipating?
158	adjudicated	4	And I used that in my comments as it relates to PSol, and that is, where does the regulatory landscape, how does it evolves over the coming years?
150	adjudicated	3	What will be the impact on the gross margins, I guess on a quarterly basis maybe this year and next year with the higher CapEx and could you just give us what the overall utilization rates of the separate areas of your equipment was?
177	adjudicated	2	But have you seen any negative impact from some of the channel changes with suppliers, particularly the IBM program, giving some product to Ingram and Tech Data? Have you seen any share issues yet or any issues with that move?
393	adjudicated	2	Shouldn't that create some headroom for at least some incremental CapEx flow with your prior guidance?
184	adjudicated	3	But if you could just sort of frame what you're seeing in the field versus what you guys have sort of laid out or thought at your Analyst Day earlier this year?
449	adjudicated	3	Do you think third quarter will be sort of fully clear or will you be fully back up sort of in the fourth quarter?
10	adjudicated	3	Since part of it involves a pipeline conversion, I was just wondering if this line was previously out of service before or if we should expect a decline in refined products volumes, as well?
380	adjudicated	1	Do you have purchase accounting charges in Test & Measurement?
103	adjudicated	4	What are they doing, what are their thoughts in terms of future wind development given the current tax situation?
81	adjudicated	1	Is that fairly balanced between the cost side of equation and day rates including Lower?
38	adjudicated	3	Can you just talk about maybe where you see some of the internal initiatives driving that margin expansion, what type of level we could expect going forward? I mean, is this a business that can be a low-teens margin business?
314	adjudicated	4	Firstly on cash flow for the quarter, can you just help me get as close as I can to what you think the ongoing cash generation, what the business will be at $60 oil and how representative this quarter was of the ongoing cash flow that you think you'll make at that kind of price level?
167	adjudicated	4	So with pros and cons, what prompt you to actually make the decision to increase CapEx instead of maybe walk away from some of the business?
469	adjudicated	2	What accounts for that change?
296	adjudicated	4	And then finally, now that you're anniversarying Door-Stop in the UK, at level exchange rates, what sort of growth expectations would you have for that overall market?
474	adjudicated	2	I guess, was this more due to competitive activity or just an effort to drive traffic at your stores, if you can talk a little bit about why that resulted?
198	adjudicated	1	Just curious as you are getting inquiries, a lot of inquiries on turbochargers, are you getting a lot of inquiries on your Torque-On-Demand, and your efficient all-wheel-drive systems?
297	adjudicated	2	You guys, are you guys downshifting the operated Eagle Ford or is that just really the non-op that's allowing you to put a little bit more capital toward the Permian and the Bakken?
416	adjudicated	2	Because part of the test is to inform us, as we roll this out to more markets in the fall, is how exactly do you position us? Why would I want to reserve something in-store?
146	adjudicated	3	So in the sense that you're uncollectible tracker, was set -- it was moved in the base rates and it was set on 2011 test year or whatever you filed for the tracker, given that sales have come down, is that concerning at all?
392	adjudicated	3	And is there a thought to reevaluate that given how if the market persists at this sort of level for a sustained period?
147	adjudicated	3	When you look at the market dynamic going into next year, do you think the risk related to ROV revenue generation is still more utilization?
447	adjudicated	2	Why do you think that's the case?
287	adjudicated	3	Do you find the second hand purchase opportunities, especially for the slightly older tonnage that maybe in the higher marginal cost carriers, does that become more attractive going forward?
123	adjudicated	4	So what do you see at this point? This is probably at the bottom end of the kind of option range in terms of additional no additional Siding capacity?
368	adjudicated	3	So are you expecting to pull something off in the fourth quarter or more of the same?
96	adjudicated	4	First, can you tell us about the impact of Brazil on your working capital and seasonality? I know there's never going to be any such thing as normal in Brazil, but you must have thought something about it as you decided to expand your system?
143	adjudicated	4	Do you have any general comments or your own view on whether there is a way out, a more structural fix or how things are going to go?
239	adjudicated	3	I appreciate that the share trends at retail are improving, but based on the step down that we're seeing in implied third quarter shipments, even though there's new products coming out, it looks like you're working down an imbalance in new products and inventories that's been going on for the past two quarters, where do inventories stand now?
442	adjudicated	4	Do you have that booking or the expectations of power quality, what's driving that profile, big profile step-up in the second half versus first half?
97	adjudicated	3	And do you anticipate any problems with existing regulatory lag, which you're working very hard to reduce?
407	adjudicated	3	I guess what I'm trying to get add is I guess do you see any room for further downside just outside of the FX headwinds?
122	adjudicated	2	On the other hand, we are not in any way anticipating or forecasting in a major problem, so is the balance right now more on reinvestment and refinement of the network?
183	adjudicated	1	I presume you are talking about the ag business at the end of last year; is that right?
202	adjudicated	3	Is that good for you guys from an M&A perspective? I mean, do you feel better about the acquisition environment than you did few months ago or worse?
246	adjudicated	4	Is there anything you could share just high level that would help us think about the mix within that lease fleet?
305	adjudicated	2	What about the other side, the negative side?
298	adjudicated	1	But in the past, where there have been instances of these sorts of taxes, what has been the prior volume dropoff?
351	adjudicated	2	What's the timeline for the open seasons there?
386	adjudicated	2	What is the pace of that restructuring cash use for the balance of the year, is your expectation?
395	adjudicated	2	And I guess my question is, is that a function of expanding energy orders with perhaps, say, some of these big energy companies that just take longer to pay? Is this the derivative of supporting growth?
284	adjudicated	2	And then on the labor comment, is it across stores that you're having trouble filling seats, I mean, do you have empty positions you're looking to fill?
125	adjudicated	3	And any -- are you anticipating any impact on the Oilseeds business on the back of the PED virus?
302	adjudicated	3	So, what is that longer opportunity for Cuno in the portfolio, when you've hinted in the past you might be interested in doing some water investments and how do you see that opportunity?
223	adjudicated	3	If indeed that PE holds over time, what would be your rationale for not mimicking what Pfizer has done?
418	adjudicated	3	Just on a separate question, do you envision DeLorme effect to continue for a while?
219	adjudicated	2	Can you talk about some of the ongoing revenue driving initiatives there the brand awareness in the skews, the line reviews and things like that and what initiatives you have under way there?
129	adjudicated	4	And did you see an extra selling day in the quarter from the leap day? And if so, can you talk about the impact that, that had on the various growth rates for your divisions?
420	adjudicated	1	Are we delivering what we promised to our customers?
289	adjudicated	3	And in terms of your digital operations, would you expect that this business would be similar to television in that?
444	adjudicated	2	So is it fair to say that hopefully, we're getting close to the point where the inventories in the channel you would think are reasonably balanced or am I misreading that?
376	adjudicated	3	Should we view or I guess how do you guys view the growth opportunity set in that market?
291	adjudicated	2	Could you just give us a breakdown of how much of your business volume, I guess, really is in residential versus nonresidential versus industrial versus municipal?
355	adjudicated	2	Can you talk a little bit about what the drivers were at SDG&E, was it all just AFUDC, was there a significant change in the O&M level, and significant change in the cost structure, et cetera?
294	adjudicated	3	And with the acquisition of Hillcrest, the investments in FM translators, I was wondering, is that view changed for this year? And maybe are we shifting more of the debt pare-down toward -- more heavily influenced in 2017?
396	adjudicated	1	And are you already doing that?
340	adjudicated	3	But as we look to the second half of the year, do you feel even with just the front-end activity that you're seeing, which seems to be picking up, that, that might be enough to start hitting maybe the $2 billion of clips per quarter?
112	adjudicated	3	Can you just maybe provide a little color there and then just give us your expectations in 2013 on margins for that business?
179	adjudicated	3	And then secondly about, kind of for the second half of the year, do you expect biopharma to keep growing at this mid-teens rate or high single digit rate, let's call it, and the rest of the businesses to stay low single digit? Or is there something you see that makes you think that maybe diagnostic and healthcare, industrial or something there could get a little bit better in the second half?
307	adjudicated	3	Do you see volumes and, in the near term, is it positive that you guys see a sequential uptick form third quarter to fourth quarter, do you imagine that will be the same sort of trend sort of going into your fourth quarter to first quarter or do you see a sequential sort of downtick going to more seasonality?
432	adjudicated	4	From a bookings and backlog perspective, can you just give us some color on demand patterns by geography here in the September quarter?
487	adjudicated	3	I was wondering in your view, with the way the market has changed, do you believe the discount rate for gold companies is changing?
481	adjudicated	3	But how much of that was just attributable to the weaker military and oil and gas business versus what may have been in that number in terms of structural cost takeouts?
422	adjudicated	3	Could Brazil eventually be your best margin business or up there with the other businesses once it's kind of at a bit higher volume rates going forward?
233	adjudicated	2	To help some of us with our commodity taxes, can you talk about how much exposure you have now to natural gas without the chlorine business?
311	adjudicated	2	What longer-cycle types of businesses are we talking about?
164	adjudicated	4	What gave you the confidence to move into Phase 3 because this is obviously transformative to the HIV business once you combine it with TAF?
136	adjudicated	2	As we think about maybe just the guidelines and timing of guidelines around EMPA-REG, can you just update us on which guidelines are the most important?
197	adjudicated	2	I mean, because one of the -- my next question was how we should interpret the 14% sequential increase in backlog?
258	adjudicated	1	Is it having any impact on the soybean crop at all?
232	adjudicated	2	I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the investments that you're making in WoodMac and what the magnitude is, like going from a 47% margin to a 40%?
115	adjudicated	3	And that obviously could increase as well as more capital's deployed in those areas? Is that correct?
120	adjudicated	2	Is that just more administrative to put that out there, or is there something I should read into it?
349	adjudicated	2	So was that factored into the timing of the dividends or the timing of the announcement?
224	adjudicated	2	But was there also any signs of sort of a spool up above and beyond that?
402	adjudicated	3	Just on the antenna roadmap to 5G, you guys expect to have to increased R&D efforts, your tuck-in acquisitions, and just generally are things getting more competitive as you think about 5G antennas?
397	adjudicated	4	At the annual sales meeting, some of the reasons for the higher spending this quarter, how should we think about OpEx for the remaining of 2015?
127	adjudicated	1	I don't remember now how much they were down, but it's 5%, 6%, 7% down?
285	adjudicated	2	Am I thinking about that right from the good will impairment you recorded?
411	adjudicated	3	Is this something that will continue at its current pace into next year?
107	adjudicated	1	Were those numbers for the current December quarter we are in?
370	adjudicated	3	But now with the structural changes, with the change in Google, is it as an attractive a business longer term?
325	adjudicated	3	And then my follow-up just maybe on 2017, Bill, and just the previous thought on staying kind of within cash flow or cash flow neutrality, is that still the goal as we think about how we should be forecasting CapEx for next year?
133	adjudicated	4	Obviously you have a tougher quarter here, particularly on the transmission side in the third quarter, could you just maybe speak a little bit there to backlog but also levels of bidding activity you have seen here recently and what your level of confidence is going into 2016 in that category?
452	adjudicated	2	Can you just talk about what the main drivers causing those lower year-over-year comparisons?
44	adjudicated	3	Just for future acquisitions, do you think they'll be more like a 40% gross margin like Capella or more of your traditional margin structure in there?
460	adjudicated	2	I was hoping I'd just get a better understanding of what the spending pattern has been and then what's going to happen in the first quarter?
65	adjudicated	3	And just last briefly remind us on the flash FreeStyle, how big the opportunity is, I know the market is huge, how big an opportunity how big a product could this be? And remind us about the US approval and launch times thanks so much?
283	adjudicated	2	Are you guys seeing much evidence of that?
85	adjudicated	2	So you would expect second -- I know the June quarter to see a benefit from weather -- the weather essentially delaying some activity into the June quarter?
242	adjudicated	4	Could you talk about any other areas? You talked about financials, are there any other verticals that you are looking at and potentially building out as a sub-sector of one of your other segments?
186	adjudicated	3	Any, just, thoughts on that in general and potential impacts on Danaher as well as how should we think about kind of the two NewCo tax rates and any differentials there?
383	adjudicated	1	Have you budgeted any equity issuance to cover third-party liability costs that may not be recovered under your insurance policy?
159	adjudicated	2	But do you think you're back on track on that?
12	adjudicated	1	Could you talk a little bit about the competitive landscape for some of your products that serve the B2B lending landscape, like commercial credit scores, business failure scores, et cetera? Are you seeing any share gains?
35	adjudicated	1	Cellular maybe 20% or so this year, so, is there any consideration down the road of revisiting potentially collapsing the corporate structure and revisiting buying in the minority?
28	adjudicated	4	How does the math work when you are basically increasing your tonnes by 60% but the production is only going up by 15% or 20% what am I missing?
170	adjudicated	2	The gas monetization in Q4, could you quantify that?
142	adjudicated	2	Do you need more of the other -- the incremental stuff to further firm that up or are we -- are you kind of already now into filling the white space?
398	adjudicated	2	Are you seeing wireless become a bigger part of your story in terms of actual time spent watching, especially overseas?
342	adjudicated	1	And if I heard you correctly, your equity needs have been revised to $150 million from $250 million?
221	adjudicated	2	Are you worried about that at all?
95	adjudicated	3	If that market took off, would you consider developing your own spark-ignited 13-liter?
51	adjudicated	4	On hep C, can you outline the development plan for the Idenix nuc and when we should next see data on this asset? Then perhaps, while we are on the nuc, can you remind us of what gave you comfort to acquire this, in light of the turbulent history with that class?
240	adjudicated	1	Is that the goal to return to that level?
484	adjudicated	2	And then in terms of thinking about the system rollouts that you guys have been talking about for a number of years, are we essentially done with that now that we've finished Europe? What else needs to happen?
378	adjudicated	4	And then how are you thinking about the progression of asphalt mix pricing throughout the year?
178	adjudicated	1	And did you actually disclose the sale price of that particular store?
41	adjudicated	2	Is that fair, though, the earlier supposition that you guys are destocking internally to go along with what your customers are doing? So, I guess, should we look at that performance as even kind of better versus the absorption headwind?
498	adjudicated	2	And I guess because of that there has been no kind of behind the scenes conversations from them, kind of prodding you to short that metric?
421	adjudicated	2	How much of the increase is related to Stellite?
206	adjudicated	3	Can you maybe just give us an update on kind of a sell-in versus the sell-through dynamics in beverage, especially around the coffee business?
282	adjudicated	3	And are you seeing other opportunities in vertical markets then, or do you think you would by virtue of developing these VAR relationships?
254	adjudicated	4	So how do you think about the positives and the negatives of already offering such a big Mexican platform and how did perhaps the Fresh Mex perform in tests?
412	adjudicated	1	So 70, 80 is kind of the base you are talking about?
4	adjudicated	3	Given the changes in the biosimilar competitive environment since your business review day, do you view this opportunity as bigger than you guided to at that point?
256	adjudicated	1	Does the slower outgrowth outlook mean that you've got to get more acquisitive to fulfill that objective?
448	adjudicated	2	Can you talk about the degree to which those new products are seeing uptick in the clinical segments?
100	adjudicated	3	Can you just talk about what you're seeing that gives you the confidence to move on that, and I think you talked about expecting activity from all four players, so perhaps you can just go through what's going on there?
226	adjudicated	1	And just lastly, on the guidance, is our merch margins assumed to be flattish?
429	adjudicated	3	Where do you think your season pass works down the road?
213	adjudicated	3	And then aftermarket sales, do they slant towards some of the precision ag products versus machine guidance? I mean are you seeing some uptake in that channel that you established?
171	adjudicated	1	Do you have an exact timing of that? And will you make a press release or should we be looking for Fed Biz Ops to make some kind of an announcement?
98	adjudicated	4	What gives you confidence that telecom isn't going to look like hotel/motel, where that category kind of went down and sort of went the smartphone way and didn't need outdoor anymore?
292	adjudicated	4	What are you seeing out there in terms of valuations, and with your stock down this much sort of where does the focus on capital allocation look to you to be directed?
215	adjudicated	1	But you'd highlight a better organic inventory was the second point?
61	adjudicated	2	With the exits or product lines or rationalization that's underway, the Endicia planned divestiture, the Calphalon retail shutting down and then the acquisitions, where do you feel like you are in terms of reshaping that portfolio to what you want it to look like?
47	adjudicated	1	Can you tell us what the earned ROE for the last 12 months is and the last surveillance reporting date was for your jurisdiction?
32	adjudicated	3	As Digital impressions deliver ever increasing targeting do you anticipate increased digital CPMs and can you comment on how this might insulate revenue at legacy media like the newspapers?
267	adjudicated	3	How do you balance your new lower cost structure with taking share and the ability to take share from two-thirds of the market domestically and putting more pressure on pricing?
327	adjudicated	3	I'm just wondering if trends persist are you expecting the same type of decrementals for the second half of the year?
200	adjudicated	4	Can you talk about how you see that playing out a little bit further forward? Will there be a corn benefit at some point over the next 12 to 18 months, do you see that roll out?
446	adjudicated	1	So is that sustainable?
27	adjudicated	1	I am just curious if you are seeing any sort of like noticeable decline in bookings to Latin or Caribbean markets, anything on that front would be fine?
424	adjudicated	2	I mean, do you continue to see some encouraging trends there?
230	adjudicated	2	I was hoping you could address tolerability, specifically the dropout rate in Phase III and the compliance in label expansion defined?
260	adjudicated	2	The pause in reserve power, can you elaborate a little bit more on that?
288	adjudicated	4	Has -- where would you like to see your leverage be as we get into later parts of the cycle and do you see the opportunity to lower your absolute debt levels from here?
162	adjudicated	3	Is that really the main swing factors or is there anything else we should be thinking about from a sensitivity standpoint?
425	adjudicated	3	The question for you is, are you still expecting strong growth in this sub-segment this year?
138	adjudicated	3	But it's not a situation where if FERC rules against them, they don't -- they come after you or anything like that?
62	adjudicated	3	Can you just comment on how you expect that transition to affect Corning, especially with some of your competitors moving some of their manufacturing base to China
135	adjudicated	4	Why accelerate or push the growth in this environment when, historically, your shares have been given an equal recognition for debt-adjusted growth; in other words, the shoring of the balance sheet, the strength of the balance sheet and so on, as opposed to growing the top line? How are you guys reconciling that? Why not wait a year and then push the growth once things sort themselves out from a commodity standpoint?
128	adjudicated	1	Are you guys hedging your bets a little bit?
476	adjudicated	1	Did that continue in the second quarter?
8	adjudicated	1	So is it a safe assumption to say that you've more than hit your target of 40 new products that generate over $1 million in sales?
326	adjudicated	3	What do you think is going to drive your ability to add customers? I know you're focused on Cogent customers, but what do you think the turning point is going to be to kind of leverage those expenses and layer on some incremental revenue there?
463	adjudicated	1	No, no, the one-time cost, because I think your free cash flow definition is excluding the cash impact of FIP, right?
64	adjudicated	3	So I guess what I want to ask you is, do you think this provides an opportunity to guys get more value from the customers in terms of pricing? And if so, what type of timeframe would it take to see that come in?
300	adjudicated	2	What are you seeing as far as scrap collection behavior at these sorts of price levels particularly after this last October drop?
14	adjudicated	4	Maybe you can just talk about why do you think the transaction market has been relatively quite ablated by the seller or buyer issue, waiting on playing the cycle a little bit longer before putting more stuff out for sale?
156	adjudicated	3	The volume improvement, will it be specific to flexible, or composite, or blow molded? I mean, where are you expecting much of that growth to come from, or is it broad-based?
40	adjudicated	3	So is this now more of a sustainably growing business x currency? And now what's the outlook towards both organic growth internationally longer term and potential acquisitions?
379	adjudicated	3	The backlog of uncompleted wells is sitting in the low 40s, where would you expect that to get to by the end of the year?
468	adjudicated	1	Does the weakness there slow that down?
403	adjudicated	2	And then lastly, could you talk about your new advertising campaign and what the incremental marketing expenses could be?
216	adjudicated	2	What's implied in your 2014 guidance midpoint, as far as what that organic, kind of same tower revenue growth rate would be?
279	adjudicated	2	So can you give us some help in sizing those businesses, so we can make a judgment on how important MDI is, as you look forward, and that the penalty from the turnaround in PO/MTBE would be for 2015?
434	adjudicated	2	I was hoping, you touched on it a little bit earlier but can you just give us a little more detail and an update on backlog mix as it relates to valves versus line pipe?
430	adjudicated	2	I think with respect to Lagunas Norte, why don't you have a view on Lagunas Norte going forward?
337	adjudicated	2	Are there more opportunities like those that you're working through in your front log and what sort of time horizon should we think about those orders as delivering across?
236	adjudicated	3	And I was curious whether or not you anticipate filling that role and any organizational structures that you might contemplate to speed the company to getting to market?
207	adjudicated	1	Okay, and then just last question just on the tunnel at Olympias, has the valve conditions in the rates of advance being been better now?
212	adjudicated	3	And as pricing unfavorably shifted that the losses increased with that plant, so I'm wondering if that dynamic can ever sort of reverse how it's occurred over the last 18 months?
295	adjudicated	1	Is that still a good number to model?
457	adjudicated	3	And then just any sense as just to sizing that success fee so we get a sense of what that impact would be as we think about Q4?
251	adjudicated	2	Can you talk about how that has changed maybe or evolved over the last few months, if at all?
488	adjudicated	2	Can you size that for us where you are now on total digital subs in terms of a hard number?
486	adjudicated	2	Any update on potential timing for that?
303	adjudicated	4	Can you speak to the variability of the cost structure, how much you could take out if you had to adjust because the markets turned against us in ways we don't expect?
350	adjudicated	1	And that'd be stabilizing oil production at Q4 levels, but not total production?
269	adjudicated	2	Do you believe that a significant success factor moving forward in this new med tech environment is the ability to have size or scale in diversification across various businesses?
201	adjudicated	2	Can you give us some color on what your targets are and your timelines are for converting this traffic?
161	adjudicated	1	And so when you get into it do we see a maturation of say 16 ounce?
43	adjudicated	4	Can you give sense of the competitiveness on new deals and also how you’re sourcing these deals if their auctions are broker transactions, any of your proprietary source or off market?
217	adjudicated	3	I know you say broad-based, but any color, geography or end market-wise, as to the strong growth drivers?
401	adjudicated	3	Is there something we're missing? I know renewable is supposed to be weak, but is there something like, is DIRECTV the other bogey or is there a level of conservatism baked in?
190	adjudicated	2	I was wondering if you are seeing any of the services yet in your markets, and what are your thoughts as far as the services being a competitive threat to wireline?
309	adjudicated	3	And then I will add last question, what is the expectation for Henderson in 2015 for revenue?
259	adjudicated	4	On Guitar Hero Live, in terms of sales expectations, is there any perspective you could provide for how we should think about this title?
105	adjudicated	4	I guess as we think about WIL now being closed, how does it I am not asking you to provide specific details but maybe more directionally how do you relay that to those goals and where you will likely to be tracking as we hear from you next at the upcoming Analyst Day?
53	adjudicated	2	In terms of I guess using a baseball analogy, what inning are you guys internally in kind of thinking about this? Is this just kind of conceptual stages? Or have you actually talked to some outside advisers on these?
389	adjudicated	2	Well then, how far away are we from actually seeing those kind of margins?
1	adjudicated	2	What's the reason that you think that there might be a deterioration in EBITDA margin?
441	adjudicated	1	Can you repeat on the water solutions business, what the volumes were?
482	adjudicated	4	Can you talk a little about your plans for the AWS-3 auction and the incentive auction, how you fund both of these and a little bit about the reported $10 billion Spectrum JV with Sprint?
49	adjudicated	3	What's the right target to think about that going forward? Is the fourth quarter run rate a pretty clean number for us to use? Or would you expect that to show some lift as you open more communities?
419	adjudicated	3	How are you asking your customers to pay for Volly? Is it sort of getting Volly into larger contracts right now as an add-on so that you can maintain a relationship with the transition or is there a separate charge for it?
80	adjudicated	3	There was a merger there, and I believe they’re still in the process of closing and integrating, obviously, but I’m wondering if that acquisition changes anything on the vascular front for you guys, and if you’re seeing anything different out there?
205	adjudicated	2	As you're getting close to completion of the first one, what's the opportunity set look like right now?
34	adjudicated	2	Can you just talk a little further about how digital and print ad revenue did in the month of July, year-over-year? Can you quantify it for us, if you would?
263	adjudicated	4	Was there anything that particularly affected your business or what the outlook is for the fourth quarter?
427	adjudicated	3	Yes I guess what I'm thinking about the is if we look forward into 2016 you won't have that 21 days, so how much financially will we get back from that all of the things being equal?
366	adjudicated	2	And then also, is -- are there any milestones in your legal dispute that come before the FDA action date for BYDUREON?
91	adjudicated	4	Could I ask about how you're seeing the category promotional dynamics in cereals changing?
339	adjudicated	1	So I guess I'm wondering, first, what that average block hour time was in the second quarter?
473	adjudicated	2	And then, perhaps, you'd like to comment on the fit between sclerostin and Prolia?
52	adjudicated	3	When do you expect those to start to materialize in that the significant way that you might start seeing again a pickup in outperformings in the Supply and Logistics segment?
345	adjudicated	2	What's kind of the base case modeling assumption you guys are thinking with respect to how we should be thinking about the increases on a go forward basis as we model out 2017/2018 and 2019?
264	adjudicated	2	Could you restate the second part of your question then?
241	adjudicated	1	Is that a livid (ph) IRR or just a straight project IRR?
13	adjudicated	2	Could you specifically quantify the weakness of the Star Wars launch relative to your expectations or at least kind of qualitatively was it materially below what you were expecting or just slightly below what you were expecting?
315	adjudicated	2	What specifically happened there?
88	adjudicated	1	Can you give us a sense on how much your export rates are down?
387	adjudicated	4	What areas are kind of the focal points for you? Are you focusing on energy and aerospace-related assets? Or what's the mindset on that?
273	adjudicated	1	How many years are we talking here?
166	adjudicated	3	And then your company, banana volumes have been moving higher, has any of this weather affected you recently, whereby your company volume growth could take a little bit of a hit in Q3?
328	adjudicated	4	Could you talk a little bit about the competitive dynamics in that key application processor versus some other areas there that you guys might have less competition and more differentiation?
492	adjudicated	1	And what was the core for Industrial in the quarter?
134	adjudicated	3	What's the full-year expectation and how much of that can you gain back, if you will, in 2016, just in terms of the disruption costs?
306	adjudicated	2	So is there a contract of size that, that you've lost or something like that because of M&A, could you provide some color there?
480	adjudicated	1	Can you provide the 16-bit business, 32-bit business analog?
319	adjudicated	2	Can you give us a sense of what that means for your pricing in 2015?
243	adjudicated	2	Are you seeing that in the form of just better IP rates or lower declines? And are you seeing that more in the first-year decline rate or in more of the longer and medium-term decline rate?
54	adjudicated	4	Any thoughts on Lidl and Wegmans entering into the North Carolina market? Do you view that as a sizable threat?
363	adjudicated	2	On KPC, you mentioned new businesses, are those new products of an existing value stream or new businesses in general, new markets?
50	adjudicated	2	I do want to dig into the incremental rental margins just for the 45% in the quarter can you maybe just help us understand what the weather impact may have been or the reposition expense or even if you guys had to face some sizable fleet repair expenses, fix up some of these units that are coming out of the shale plays?
456	adjudicated	3	How might that impact your demand trends there, if at all?
174	adjudicated	3	So SG&A is actually going to go back up again in absolute dollars in the second half of this year?
445	adjudicated	4	What impact do you see on the commodities side there for crude oil prices and nat gas prices, if you're comfortable sharing thoughts there and what impact that could have on Plain?
189	adjudicated	3	Can you talk about whether you're trying to marry up that offloading capacity in the Gulf Coast with onloading facilities in Canada, whether you feel confident that you're going to kind of be able to source that crude from Canada, given some competition from, I guess, onloading facilities in Alberta?
496	adjudicated	1	Are those splitters generating positive cash flow in the current commodity price environment?
187	adjudicated	1	Do you have the orders in hand that give you the confidence of there's a pick up in the back half?
169	adjudicated	2	And so my question is now that we look at the range, just kind of thinking about a number, more towards the bottom of the range, more realistic, giving kind of some of the onetime impacts that happened in the first quarter, which you really won't be able to recover as the year progresses?
58	adjudicated	2	Wondering if you can help us or just share what that cost savings contribution was in the first quarter? Where are we, with respect to that $1 billion goal?
48	adjudicated	2	Did you say that they were up, are they up over the prior quarter or over the prior year and could you maybe tell us whether there is a change in the size of the tractor that's in your order boards there?
344	adjudicated	3	And is there a different feel to the market given what we've been seeing from the overall industry data the last six weeks to eight weeks, or is it more a continuation of how you've been experiencing the market year-to-date?
235	adjudicated	3	If we go back 10 years, this export problem related to the Grasberg mine, how would you like to have been dealing with the issues that we've dealt with in the last five year?
252	adjudicated	2	So, can you talk a little bit about that and how sustainable that is?
21	adjudicated	2	Should we think of the March quarter pace of repurchases as being something you would like to sustain or is it perhaps more likely that we would see a slowdown or pause from here versus that pace?
313	adjudicated	2	Can you tell me what your current well spacing assumptions are for your 2015 production projections in Eagle Ford?
459	adjudicated	3	And then just the last question is, just in terms of the overall pricing, do you think that sort of firms up going forward, or are you thinking that, that will still be under pressure for the next couple of quarters?
160	adjudicated	2	Any other factors that you may be able to help us with including maybe if you think you're taking any market share as well?
276	adjudicated	3	I think you said that they're -- some of them are on annual contracts and do you guys have any impression of where those prices or those costs will end up for 2016, or I assume you;re seeking some relief, but do you think you're going to get it?
443	adjudicated	1	But the number of tons that you sell has not materially changed?
191	adjudicated	2	And are there any product types that may not be fully penetrated in certain alternative channels, I guess, is the other -- that might be an opportunity?
385	adjudicated	2	Any new hedges you put on beyond and ones you put on back in August?
293	adjudicated	3	Do you think you can still reach those targets either on the gross margin and on the SG&A by the time you reach the fourth quarter?
413	adjudicated	4	And can you maybe discuss the seasonality in the business and beyond, of course, the Q2 maintenance and how Dresden might impact that?
343	adjudicated	2	And then just lastly for me, have you made any infrastructure changes to your business in anticipation of the Gen-Probe deal, whether it be sales force cuts, shutting some R&D programs, et cetera?
257	adjudicated	1	Do you have start-up costs or learning curves, if you will, associated with bringing these plants online whether it be China, Europe, Korea over the next couple of quarters?
308	adjudicated	2	And if you can give us an update, as well, on the accessories part of the business?
149	adjudicated	1	I guess, am I reading that correctly, number one? And then number two, maybe the tax and interest assumptions, if you could share those that you've embedded?
130	adjudicated	2	So the overall Asian paints business being down last quarter in volumes, I assume that was areas outside of China that were weak or how do I?
151	adjudicated	4	So is there change in strategy? Is there the potential, given again the strong demand for your product for perhaps more aggressive pricing to really further your premium image and get back to some of the price gaps of 10 years or so ago?
359	adjudicated	4	First and foremost, as you talk about using a little bit more of your direct -- using the balance sheet a little bit more for direct play in Macao, could you talk us through the thinking in terms of credit extension and doing a little bit less with the junkets?
99	adjudicated	3	In terms of cervical cancer overall, I mean, as you look down the road, do you view this as a growing product area for you?
372	adjudicated	1	On the liquidity front, do you have a target or a range that you think you're going to be remain in for the year, on a quarterly basis?
87	adjudicated	1	Is this more like a $100 million-type transaction or a $300 million or $500 million-type transaction?
458	adjudicated	4	It just seems that the SG&A side, the cost control has been good, how much more can be really pull out on the SG&A as you think about next year and how much do you have to rely I guess on additional acquisitions maybe to get more leverage on the SG&A side?
330	adjudicated	2	What do you expect your level of inventories to be exiting the December quarter?
214	adjudicated	4	How do you guys just think about, I guess some of the cost synergies that you had originally targeted? How are those tracking?
466	adjudicated	3	So not really guidance but the way that it worked in the past has been more backend loaded, so I was wondering if you could just give us a little bit more color on sort of how this year looks, and if that's change versus other years?
121	adjudicated	3	So on Slide 21, where you show the contracted and uncontracted capacity, should we assume that as you roll forward in time, you'll contract that uncontracted capacity?
499	adjudicated	3	So does that mean in October quarter you think that the mix is going to shift more to legacy kind of routing and switching versus the remaining I guess call it advanced portfolio?20	adjudicated	3	What do you think is going on right now as we report to you and volatility in energy prices? I mean, do you expect to see significant inventory destocking taking place?
188	adjudicated	3	The current stock repurchase plan, you are over 75% kind of done, do you expect to complete that during this year or I know it goes through June 2017, any comments on the timing to complete?
71	adjudicated	2	So is it safe to say that it's almost certainly a go; it's just a matter of size now?
106	adjudicated	2	Can you talk a little bit about the benefits that came through this quarter?
270	adjudicated	1	do you provide how many uncompleted wells that were at year-end '12 versus year-end '11?
348	adjudicated	3	You mentioned that the corporate overhead was higher due to the higher investment spending and the higher depreciation expense from the purchase of the building, it looks like it's about 10 million higher year-on-year, is that a quarterly run rate we should expect going forward or should it moderate from here?
435	adjudicated	2	Should we think about business as growing going forward and maybe the new benchmark is not flat?
102	adjudicated	3	Are you seeing the OEMs requiring that on new product development, that they own the IP, such that they get a bigger piece of the aftermarket going forward for new parts? Have you seen any of that pressure?
